Joan Brossa i Cuervo [Catalan pronunciation: ʒuˈam ˈbɾɔsə i ˈkwervu] (b. January 19, 1919 in Barcelona; † December 30, 1998 ibid.) was a poet, writer, playwright and graphic and plastic artist, the most representative Catalan author of the 20th century avant-garde. As he himself said, "The genres of the arts are different means of expressing a single reality. They are sides of the same pyramid that meet at the highest point.".
Bound (original title: Bound) is a 1996 American thriller film directed by siblings Andy Wachowski and Lana Wachowski, who also wrote the screenplay. The main roles were played by Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly.
Henry VIII (English The Famous History of the Life of King Henry the Eighth or simply Henry VIII, alternate title was All is True until published in First Folio 1623) is a c. 1612/13 historical drama by William Shakespeare based on the life of King Henry VIII of England. The work was produced as a joint production in collaboration with John Fletcher.
Ratchaburi (Thai: ราชบุรี, pronounced: [râːtt͡ɕʰáʔbùʔriː], colloquially Ratburi: [râːtbùʔriː], translated "royal city") is a province (Changwat) in the west central region of Thailand. The capital of the province is also called Ratchaburi.
Pemón is the language of the Pemon Indians. It belongs to the Caribbean languages. The language is spoken mainly in Gran Sabana, Venezuela.
Mystras or Mistra (Greek Μυστράς) is a ruined Byzantine city near the village of the same name in Greece, northwest of Sparta on a hill in the foothills of the Taygetos Mountains.
Jayavarman II. (b. c. 770; † 9th century) is considered the founding father of the Khmer Empire of Angkor in present-day Cambodia. He is possibly identical with a ruler designated by historians as Jayavarman I [no. 2], attested by inscriptions in 770 and 781. In any case, he married into a local ruling family of the Angkor region, as evidenced by the inscriptions of the temples Preah Ko (K. 713) of 25 January 880 and Bakong (K. 826) of 881/82 of King Indravarman I (r. 877-889). Jayavarman II himself left no written evidence. The dating of his accession to office to the year 802/03 can only be traced to inscriptions of the 11th century under kings Suryavarman I (r. 1002-1049) and Udayadityavarman II (r. 1049-1067). (r. 1049-1067), when various elite families claimed that their ancestors had held certain offices continuously since Jayavarman II. From the inscription of Sdok Kak Thom K. 235 of February 8, 1053, one then also learns of a fanciful but completely ahistorical prehistory of the ruler, where, among other things, there is talk of his having liberated Cambodia from the threat of a country called "Java," which is certainly not identical with the present-day island of Java, since this is called "Yava" in all contemporary sources.
The Tour of Piedmont (Ital. officially "GranPiemonte", formerly "Giro del Piemonte") is a former Italian bicycle race. The one-day race, which leads through the Italian region of Piedmont, has been held annually in mid-October since 1906. It was part of the UCI Europe Tour from 2005 to 2012, where it was classified in the highest UCI category 1.HC. The organizer RCS Sport decided not to hold the race in 2013 for economic reasons.
The McLaren MP4/5 is a Formula One racing car of the McLaren team, which was used in the 1989 season. Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost won ten Grand Prix and scored 15 pole positions with the car developed by Neil Oatley. In the 1990 season, Senna and Gerhard Berger scored another six victories and twelve pole positions with the modified version of the car called the McLaren MP4/5B. In both years, McLaren won both the drivers' and constructors' championships.
William Halse Rivers Rivers (b. March 12, 1864 Chatham; † June 4, 1922 Cambridge) was a British anthropologist, ethnologist, neurologist, and psychiatrist known especially for his work with traumatized World War I soldiers. His most famous patient was the poet Siegfried Sassoon. He also attracted attention for his participation in the 1898 expedition led by Alfred C. Haddon to explore Torres Strait (Torres Straits Expedition), as well as his anthropological work on clans and consanguinity.
From September 7 to September 16, 2007, the European Baseball Championship was held in the Spanish city of Barcelona. At the same time, this tournament served as the European qualifying tournament for the XXIX Summer Olympic Games 2008 in Beijing. The venues of the games were the three stadiums "Montjuïc", "Viladecans" and "Sant Boi". The European champions were the Netherlands, who won their 20th title in total.
Laughter yoga (hasya yoga or yogalachen) is a form of yoga that focuses on laughter without a reason (Sanskrit hasya).In laughter yoga, the person should come to laugh via the motor level; an initially artificial laughter should turn into genuine laughter. The laughter yoga exercises are a combination of clapping, stretching and breathing exercises, combined with pantomime exercises that encourage laughter. Through eye contact and playful elements, it is intended to facilitate people's transition from initially willful laughter to free laughter and a state of childlike playfulness. "Fake it, until you make it" (loosely translated: "Pretend it until it becomes real") is a practical instruction in laughter yoga exercise classes.
Milk stars (Ornithogalum), also called bird's milk, star of Bethlehem, gardener's death, or gardener's terror, are a plant genus of the Ornithogaleae tribus in the Scilloideae subfamily, and thus are now part of the asparagus family (Asparagaceae). The botanical name of the genus and tribus is derived from the Greek words ornis meaning bird and gala meaning milk. They are native to Europe, western Asia and Africa.
The Madagascar Moor Duck (Aythya innotata) is an extremely rare diving duck of the genus Aythya, which was already thought to be extinct. In 2006, ducks of this species were observed again at a site in Madagascar. It is not excluded that ducks of this species still occur in other places of Madagascar. In any case, their population but the species is considered to be in imminent danger of extinction. The primary cause of the population decline is believed to be the introduction of the herbivorous tilapia, a species of fish. This permanently changed the vegetation of the breeding waters of the Madagascar Moor Duck.
Plutarch of Athens (Greek Πλούταρχος Plútarchos; b. c. 350; † c. 432) was a late ancient philosopher (Neoplatonist). He was the founder and first head (scholarch) of the Neoplatonic school of philosophy in Athens, often called the "Academy" because it renewed the tradition of the Platonic Academy.
db4o (database for objects) is an object database for the Java and .NET platform and belongs to the NoSQL databases. The db4o program library is characterized by a comparatively low memory requirement of about 600 kB. This makes it particularly suitable for embedding in other programs and for environments with limited memory resources, such as PDAs. Db4o is available under both free and commercial licenses. db4o supports Java's JDK 1.1.x through 6.0 and runs natively on J2EE, J2SE and all J2ME configurations whose J2ME profile provides the Reflection API. In addition, db4o supports all languages built on top of the .NET platform's CLR virtual machine, such as C# or VB.NET. The C# source code of the db4o program library required for the .NET platform is largely generated from the Java source code and can be run on the mono implementation of the .NET platform, for example.
The participation in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was the 7th time in total that the British Virgin Islands was represented at the Olympic Games. The first participation was in 1984.
Sait Faik Abasıyanık (b. November 18, 1906 in Adapazarı; † May 11, 1954 in İstanbul) was a Turkish writer.
Blackmore's Night is an American music group consisting of former Deep Purple guitarist Ritchie Blackmore and his wife Candice Night, who, before joining the group, worked at a U.S. radio station.
The oil palm (Elaeis guineensis) is one of the most economically important palm species. Originally native to Africa, it is now also cultivated in tropical America and especially in Southeast Asia. The palm, which can grow up to 30 meters high, produces fruit clusters weighing up to 50 kilograms. The palm bears 3000 to 6000 fruits. The fruits are quickly perishable and must therefore be processed immediately after harvesting. This involves treating the fruiting stalks with steam to destroy a fat-splitting enzyme. The fruits are then bruised and the stone seeds are separated. The hard shell is cracked and the seeds are dried. The pulp, which is orange in color due to a high carotene content, provides the palm oil, and the seed provides the palm kernel oil.
Saint Sergius of Radonezh (Russian Сергий Радонежский/ Sergi Radonezhsky, viss. transliteration Sergi Radonezhsky; * as Bartholomew c. 1314 in Rostov, Russia; † September 25, 1392 in Sergiyev Possad) is a highly venerated saint in Russia and founder of the Holy Trinity Monastery in Sergiyev Possad.
Four Tet is the name used by Kieran Hebden (b. 1977 in Putney, London) for his solo electronic music project to distinguish it from his work with the post-rock band Fridge. Earlier releases were also made under the pseudonyms 4t recordings and Joshua Falken.
Colton is an American city in San Bernardino County in the U.S. state of California. The city has a population of about 52,000, and the metropolitan area covers 40.7 square kilometers. Colton is located at the southwesternmost end of San Bernardino County.
The name of the polis is attributed in local legend to a king (Pausanias 2, 5, 6), by Eustathios of Thessalonike to the plant σίκυα [síkua] "(bottle) gourd, melon". As a polis, Sikyon occupied a middle position in size and importance; like Tegea, Mantinea, or Korkyra, it was among the "little ones of the big ones."
Steel Magnolias - The Strength of Women (original title: Steel Magnolias) is a 1989 U.S. film directed by Herbert Ross from a screenplay written by Robert Harling based on his own tragicomic play. It starred Sally Field, Dolly Parton, Shirley MacLaine, Julia Roberts, Olympia Dukakis and Daryl Hannah. The film screened out of competition at the 1990 Berlinale.
Soccer Club de Gueugnon is a French soccer club from the Burgundian commune of Gueugnon, located in the Saône-et-Loire department near Montceau-les-Mines and Autun.
A Dedekind ring (after Richard Dedekind, also Dedekind domain or ZPI ring) is a generalization of the ring of integers. The applications of this term are mainly found in the mathematical subfields of algebraic number theory and commutative algebra, especially in ideal theory.
A deposit copy is a copy of a publication that must be given by its publisher (or, more rarely, by the producer) to certain libraries in the country or region where it was published, by virtue of a law or other regulation under public law. The right of deposit arose during the early modern period in Europe and is now widespread internationally. With a few exceptions, it is distributed free of charge. Today, the primary purpose of the deposit copy right is to archive all publications of a country as completely as possible as a testimony to cultural creation, to document them bibliographically and to make them accessible to the general public. Libraries are therefore required by law to retain deposit copies indefinitely and to compile a national bibliography.
Gomorrah is an Italian television series based on the 2006 novel of the same name by Italian author Roberto Saviano.
Tipsport Arena is a multi-purpose sports hall in Prague's Holešovice district. It is mainly used for ice hockey, but also for concerts. The hall, which was opened in 1962, is the home venue of HC Sparta Prague.
The Animal Liberation Front (ALF) is an internationally active, decentralized group of the militant animal liberation movement, which is considered a terrorist organization in the USA. Their goal is to prevent animal testing and killing. This is done primarily through animal liberations as well as attacks on laboratories and animal farms by means of sabotage, arson attacks, and other direct actions.
The United Arab Republic (VAR; Arabic الجمهورية العربية المتحدة, DMG al-Ǧumhūrīya al-ʿarabīya al-muttaḥida), which existed from 1958 to 1961, was a union of the Arab states of Egypt and Syria. The union was founded on February 1, 1958. It was joined by the Kingdom of Yemen (North Yemen) in a loose confederation on March 8, 1958, which operated under the name United Arab States. The union broke up with the withdrawal of Syria on September 28, 1961, and North Yemen in December 1961. Egypt retained the name United Arab Republic after the end of the union until 1972.
The Belgian cattle breed White Blue Belgian (WBB) is characterized mainly by a strong muscular fullness.
Gespräch mit dem Biest - Conversation with the Beast (also shown on television under the title Conversation with the Beast) is a 1996 German feature film. In his directorial debut, actor Armin Mueller-Stahl explores the person of Adolf Hitler, whom he also plays himself, in a fictional role-play. In addition to Mueller-Stahl, well-known character actors such as Harald Juhnke and Katharina Böhm appear in the film.
Man of the Year is a 2006 US dramedy film directed by Barry Levinson.
Iredell County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. The county seat is Statesville.
Alevis (Turkish Alevî, Kurdish and Zazaic Elewî; from Arabic عَلَوِی '"followers of Ali"') are members of a predominantly Turkish-based Islamic denomination that dates back to the 13th/14th century and emerged with the influx of Turkmen tribes into Anatolia. A relationship to Shiite Islam can be established through Ismail I. The majority of the prohibitions and commandments from the Koran that apply to Sunnis and Shiites are not followed by the Alevis. The denomination or religion itself is called Alevism or, more rarely, Alevism. Alevis used to be called Kizilbash (Kızılbaş), especially in the historical context of the 15th and 16th centuries. This designation has rather fallen out of use today. Turkish Alevis are not identical with the Alawites of the same name in Syria, who are also called "Arab Alevis" in Turkey and were formerly called Nusairians. The word alevî can be considered synonymous with Shiite in Turkish, but it usually, and in non-Turkish writing almost exclusively, refers to the group outlined in the preceding paragraph.
The Principality of Montenegro (Serbian Књажевина Црна Гора/Knjaževina Crna Gora) existed from March 13, 1852 to August 28, 1910, with Cetinje chosen as its capital. From 1906 to 1918, the Montenegrin perper was used as currency. The principality encompassed the core territory of present-day Montenegro. De jure it was a constitutional monarchy and de facto an absolutist monarchy. The Principality was formed by Danilo I on March 13, 1852, when Danilo married and Montenegro was transformed into a secular principality. After Danilo's assassination on August 13, 1860, his nephew Nikola was appointed Prince of Montenegro. Nikola finally proclaimed the Kingdom of Montenegro on August 28, 1910, and was crowned king.
The Patriot (original title The Patriot) is a 2000 historical war film by director Roland Emmerich, starring Mel Gibson.
A Sound of Thunder is a 2005 science fiction film directed by Peter Hyams. The screenplay is based on the short story of the same name by Ray Bradbury. Unlike the film, the short story does not correct the time anomaly. The film was originally scheduled to be released in 2002. However, due to delays in filming caused by the Elbe floods in the Czech Republic and financial problems of the production company, A Sound of Thunder was not released until three years later. After being panned by most critics and floundering in theaters without a major marketing campaign, the film turned into one of the biggest financial flops of 2005, grossing only $10.4 million worldwide on an estimated film budget of $80 million.
Rifugio Elisabetta Soldini Montanaro (often just called Rifugio Elisabetta for short) is a refuge located in the Aosta Valley in the Graian Alps, in close proximity to the Mont Blanc group. It is located at an altitude of 2195 m on the area called La Lex Blanche within the municipality of Courmayeur. The hut is managed from mid-June to mid-September, during which time it can sleep 77 climbers. The hut is located near the head of the Val Veny and is on both the Alta via della Val d'Aosta n.2 high trail and the frequently traveled Tour du Mont-Blanc.
(198) Ampella is an asteroid of the main belt discovered on June 13, 1879 by the French astronomer Alphonse Louis Nicolas Borrelly. The asteroid was named after the satyr Ampelos, which according to Greek legend was a good friend of Dionysus. Ampella is of S-type and has a relatively high geometric albedo of 0.25.
Ælfric (* 955; † 1020), surnamed Grammaticus, was one of the most important scholars of Anglo-Saxon monasticism in the early Middle Ages. Ælfric grew up in the monastery of Winton under Abbot Ethelwold and became a monk of the Benedictine Abbey of Abingdon around 971. He was sent by Bishop Aelfnah of Winchester to instruct the monks at Cornel Monastery in 987. In 1005 Ælfric became abbot of Eynsham. In 1020 (according to Wilcox-Ælfric's prefaces: 1010) Ælfric died at the age of 65. Since he was considered one of the promoters of Anglo-Saxon writing in the 19th century, the Aelfric Society was founded in his honor in 1842.
The Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal is a cycling race in the Canadian city of Montreal. The one-day race was held for the first time on September 12, 2010. The premiere winner was the Dutchman Robert Gesink. Just like the Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec, which took place two days earlier, the race was included in the UCI ProTour (since 2011: UCI WorldTour) in its first year of staging. Along with the Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec and the Tour Down Under, it is the only WorldTour race outside Europe. As with all WorldTour races, the UCI WorldTeams are entitled and obliged to start.
The Teutons (Latin: Teutones or Teutoni, Greek Τεύτονες) were, according to Roman sources, a Germanic people of antiquity who originally lived in what is now Jutland (modern Thy, Old Danish Thythæ sysæl). The Teutons migrated from Jutland together with the Cimbri around 120 BC and went as far as Italy (see Kimberian Wars).
Bus Stop is a 1956 U.S. motion picture directed by Joshua Logan starring Marilyn Monroe alongside Don Murray in a character role. The film is based on the comedy of the same name by William Inge and combines elements of drama, comedy and musical. A cowboy, inexperienced in matters of love, meets a nightclub singer. He falls in love with her and wants to marry her against her will. Because of his stubbornness, a fight breaks out and only after a serious talk with his friend does he realize that he must respect her wishes. The film and especially Monroe's acting performance were critically acclaimed right after the premiere. Nevertheless, commercial success failed to materialize. Particularly in Europe, the American milieu study was not well received by movie audiences.
Johnny Rivers (born November 7, 1942 as John Ramistella in New York City, USA) is an American rock 'n' roll musician.
The crested heron (Pilherodius pileatus) is a species of bird in the heron family.
Allassac (Occitan Alaçac) is a French commune in the Corrèze department in the western edge of the Massif Central. The commune is a member of the Communauté d'agglomération du Bassin de Brive. The inhabitants call themselves Allassacois(es).
Prince Charles Island is a 9,521 km² (for comparison: Corsica 8680 km²), uninhabited island in the Foxe Basin south or west of Baffin Island. It belongs politically to the territory of Nunavut, Canada.
The Blue-winged Parakeet (Brotogeris cyanoptera) is a species of New World parrot. It is found exclusively in South America. The species is classified as endangered by the IUCN. In contrast to most narrow-billed parakeets, the blue-winged parakeet is one of the species that was exported to Europe and North America for ornamental bird keeping very late. Probably the first individuals arrived in Europe only in 1969.
Tora! Tora! Tora! is a 1970 U.S.-Japanese war film co-production that focuses on the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. The directors, including Richard Fleischer, dramatize the events leading up to the U.S. entry into the war from both the American and Japanese points of view. Alternative title is The Battle that Set the World on Fire.
The ant is a Turing machine with a two-dimensional memory and was developed by Christopher Langton in 1986. It is an example of how a deterministic (i.e. non-random) system of simple rules can assume states that appear visually surprisingly disordered to humans as well as states that appear regular.
Hämeenlinna [ˈhæmɛːnlinːɑ] (Swedish Tavastehus) is a town in southern Finland. It has been the historical center of the Häme region since the Middle Ages. Apart from the city proper, Hämeenlinna administratively includes an extensive area of over 2,000 km². Hämeenlinna has a total population of 67,905 (as of March 31, 2016), of which about 45,000 live in the core city.
The Witch and the Wizard (original title: The Sword in the Stone), originally released in Germany under the title Merlin and Mim, is the 18th full-length animated film by Walt Disney Studios and was released in 1963. The film is based on the 1958 novel The King at Camelot by T. H. White.
The Ilemi Triangle (also Elemi Triangle) is a disputed territory claimed by Ethiopia and Kenya; Sudan also laid claim to it until 2011. The name is derived from Ilemi Akwon, an Anuak chief. The area is reported to be between 10,320 km² and 14,000 km². The area is currently (as of 2006) completely controlled by Kenya and counted as part of the Turkana District of the Rift Valley Province (Lokichoggio and Lokitaung Divisions). The unclear situation resulted from imprecise wording of treaties dating back to colonial times. Agreement on a clear demarcation of the borders has so far been prevented by the unstable conditions in the region, e.g. the war of secession in Southern Sudan, and the economic marginality of the area. Since South Sudan's independence in 2011, the area no longer borders Sudan. It is still unclear what stance the SPLA-led South Sudanese government will take in this territorial dispute. The inhabitants of the Ilemi Triangle are predominantly nomadic pastoralists from the Turkana, Didinga, Toposa and Dassanetch ethnic groups.
The bagpipe or bagpipe (rarely buckpipe) is a woodwind instrument. To play, air from an air bag is directed by arm pressure into chanter and drone pipes, where single or double reeds produce the tones. Finger holes on the reed are used to play melodies, while drone pipes produce a constant continuous tone. When played together, the polyphony characteristic of bagpipes is produced. The sound of the drones is usually a deeper, rich humming, while the melody pipes sound higher, and depending on the type of instrument, more penetrating. In German-speaking countries, the instrument fell out of use during the 19th century, but has experienced a revival or revival in recent decades. Bagpipes were and are widely used within and outside Europe. There is a great abundance of different shapes, materials, and uses. Those who play the instrument are called bagpipers (bagpipers/bagpipe players).
Sant'Elena is a northeastern Italian comune (municipality) with 2468 inhabitants (as of 31 December 2015) in the province of Padua in Veneto. The municipality is located about 27.5 kilometers southwest of Padua.
In software development, a stub refers to a piece of program code that replaces another piece of program code. Here the program code, which the Stub replaces, is either not yet developed (Top down) or it is on another computer or in another memory area. In the last two examples the Stub is the local connecting point around otherwise only over complex protocols attainable software components simply to address and this complexity to hide. A stub then corresponds to the design pattern proxy. In particular Stubs are used with the development of distributed systems: The functionality of a remote software system that is only accessible via a network is made available on the local system in the form of a "stub component". This stub component can be addressed by the software of the local system as if the functionality of the remote system were available locally (access transparency). However, instead of actually implementing this desired function, the stub component translates the requests into network calls (marshalling), communicates with the remote system and delegates the action to it. For the using system, this communication process remains hidden. In client-server model communication (RPC, RMI), the local representative stub on the client is also called proxy. For the counterpart on the server one can choose with different techniques from
Piedimonte Etneo is a town in the Metropolitan City of Catania in the Sicily region of Italy with 3963 inhabitants as of December 31, 2015.
Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The county seat is Springfield.
(1141) Bohmia is an asteroid of the main belt discovered on January 4, 1930 by the German astronomer Max Wolf in Heidelberg. The asteroid is named after Mrs. Bohm-Walz, who donated the Walz reflector to the Heidelberg Observatory.
The 33rd Tour de France took place from 10 to 30 July 1939 and covered 4224 km over 18 stages. Many of these sections were divided into half and third stages. 79 racers took part, 49 of whom finished. Shortly before the outbreak of World War II in Europe, Germany, Italy and Spain did not send teams to the Tour. Nevertheless, in order to start with a sufficiently large field of riders, the Tour management decided to allow two Belgian and five French teams from the different regions of the country. No cycling races took place during World War II, and it was eight years before riders got back in the saddle for the 1947 Tour de France.
FC Edmonton is a Canadian North American Soccer League soccer franchise from Edmonton, Alberta. The team was founded in 2010 and began play in the North American Soccer League in the 2011 season. Home games are played at Clarke Stadium. The team colors are blue and white.
The 2008 comedy film Welcome to the Ch'tis (Bienvenue chez les Ch'tis) is the most successful French film to date in France, with over 20 million moviegoers. Its appeal was also confirmed in DVD sales and audience response during television broadcast. This is the second directorial effort by comedian Dany Boon, who plays one of the two leads. Kad Merad plays the other main character, a postal branch manager from the south of France who is punitively transferred to the northern region of Nord-Pas-de-Calais. Like many a southern Frenchman, he initially has prejudices about the north and its inhabitants. Boon, who is from there, explicitly aimed to counter the image of the region's backwardness. The titular "Ch'tis" are speakers of Ch'ti, a dialect within the northern French Picardy language. Critics conceded the film comedy and charm, but saw a major weakness of the entertainment film in the script, and partly also in the unrealistic portrait of the hardscrabble region. In France, the film was accompanied by controversy over the extent to which it actually created a more favorable image of the North. Moreover, it was noted that the experience of emigration, foreignness, and integration that the protagonist experiences takes place within the ultimately familiar framework of the nation, and that the initially asserted contrasts of
Dustin Johnson (born June 22, 1984 in Columbia, South Carolina) is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour.
The Piano Sonata No. 30 op. 109 in E major from 1820 is the third to last of Ludwig van Beethoven's piano sonatas. After the enormous Hammerklavier Sonata op. 106, he returned with it, long since deaf, to smaller dimensions and a more intimate character. The sonata is dedicated to Maximiliane Brentano, the daughter of Beethoven's longtime friend Antonie Brentano. Beethoven had already composed the little Piano Trio in B flat major WoO 39 for her in 1812. Musically, the three-movement work is characterized by a free treatment of the traditional sonata form. Its emphasis is on the third movement, a complex set of variations as in op. 111.
The so-called Bishops' Wars are an episode of the wars between the three kingdoms. They occurred in 1639 and 1640 between England and Scotland. The Bishops' Wars had far-reaching consequences; for example, the English Civil War between the king and Parliament was due in no small part to these wars.
Pollina is a town in the metropolitan city of Palermo in the Sicily region of Italy with 2974 inhabitants as of December 31, 2015.
Ivan Stepanovich Konev (Russian Ива́н Степа́нович Ко́нев, viss. transliteration Ivan Stepanovič Konev, in older literature usually Konev; * 16 Decemberjul./ 28 December 1897greg. in Lodeino, Vologda Governorate, Russian Empire, now Kirov Oblast, Russia; † 21 May 1973 in Moscow) was a Soviet general in World War II, from 20 February 1944 Marshal of the Soviet Union.
The Chüi Oblast (also Chui or Chuy; Kyrgyz Чүй облусу Chüi oblussu, Russian Чуйская область Chuiskaya oblast) is one of seven administrative regions (oblasts, similar in structure to German-speaking federal states) of Kyrgyzstan in Central Asia. It is the northernmost oblast of the country, bordering Kazakhstan to the north, Yssykköl to the east, Naryn to the south, and Talas to the west. Within the Chüis Oblast lies the Kyrgyz capital, Bishkek. The territory has an area of 19,895 km² and about 803,000 inhabitants (excluding Bishkek, which forms a separate administrative unit). Nevertheless, the administrative center is Bishkek; between 2003 and May 2006 it was Tokmok.
The Journal of Organic Chemistry, abbreviated in literature citations as J. Org. Chem. or JOC, is a journal on organic chemistry and biochemistry published since 1936. It has been published twice a month since 2008. Original publication frequency was bimonthly, from 1951 monthly, from 1971 26 times a year. Articles of original research (Original Research) are published. The impact factor in 2014 was 4.721. According to ISI Web of Knowledge statistics, this impact factor ranks the journal seventh out of 57 journals in the organic chemistry category. The journal is published by the American Chemical Society.
Lost in the Bermuda Triangle (alternative title: Airport 77 - Lost in the Bermuda Triangle; also: Airport III - Lost in the Bermuda Triangle; original title: Airport '77) is a 1977 U.S. disaster film directed by Jerry Jameson and written by Michael Scheff and David Spector. It is the follow-up film to 1975's Giants in the Sky and thus the second of three sequels to 1970's Airport, whose plot is based on the novel of the same name by Arthur Hailey.
Alan Wake is a video game that was released on May 14, 2010 in Europe for the Xbox 360 and on February 16, 2012 for Windows. The game was developed by Remedy Entertainment, and the publisher is Microsoft Game Studios. The game was inspired by television series such as Twin Peaks, 24, The X-Files - The Uncanny Cases of the FBI or by works by Stephen King. On February 16, 2012, a version for Microsoft Windows was released under the collaboration of Remedy and Nitro Games, as developers, and Nordic Games as publishers. Alan Wake's American Nightmare, a sequel independent of the first part, was released in 2012, based on a never-completed Alan Wake 2 prototype.
Fibrosis is a pathological proliferation of connective tissue in human and animal tissues and organs, the main component of which is collagen fibers. In this process, the tissue of the affected organ hardens. Scarring changes develop, which in advanced stages lead to restriction of the respective organ function. Substances that cause fibrosis are called fibrogens; the associated adjective is fibrogen.
Bruno Zumino (born April 28, 1923 in Rome, Italy; † June 22, 2014 in Berkeley, California, United States) was an Italian professor of theoretical physics.
The Estadio Francisco Sánchez Rumoroso (German Francisco Sánchez Rumoroso Stadium, full name: Estadio Mundialista Francisco Sánchez Rumoroso) is a soccer stadium with athletics facilities in the Chilean city of Coquimbo. Currently, it is mainly used for soccer matches. The Coquimbo Unido soccer club plays its games here.
Rosacea ("copper rose"), obsolete name Acne rosacea (lat. for copper fins or red fins), is a skin disease that occurs predominantly in the midface area, usually begins between the ages of 30 and 40, and often becomes significantly more severe between the ages of 40 and 50. It can show similarities to acne, but the underlying conditions are different. Rosacea is manifested by patchy, sometimes scaly redness, but also swelling of the facial skin, as well as inflammatory papules and pustules. Later, especially in men, tuberous growths of the nose may also develop, which are called rhinophyma (Greek ῥίς, ῥινός "nose" and φῦμα "growth, growth") or tuberous nose, pound nose, cauliflower nose, and potato nose.
Acid jazz, also known as Jaz(z)id or dancefloor jazz, is a music genre that combines elements of electronic music, soul, funk and jazz. This created a combination of many modern dance music forms from reggae to hip-hop and house music, which at the same time eclectically quoted soul, funk and jazz.
Lost in Space is a 1969 American science fiction film directed by John Sturges.
The galero (plural galeri), also called prelate's hat or cardinal's hat, is a large, very flat, for cardinals scarlet hat with a wide brim, from which fifteen tassels (fiocchi) hang down on each side. It is the heraldic sign of the cardinal dignity, is also called in a broader sense tasselled green, purple and black flat hat in the coats of arms of other ecclesiastical dignitaries.
Strehaia is a town in Mehedinți County, Romania.
Depending on the region, various languages are spoken in France, some of which have long had regional roots. However, French is the only official language in the republic. The regions in which (at least) one other language exists in addition to French (allophone regions) are mainly located in southern France, to a large extent congruent with (Occitania, named after its language), and in the peripheral, marginal and border areas of the hexagon, for example Alsace on the German and Swiss borders, Brittany jutting into the Atlantic, or the island of Corsica. In the overseas departments (DOM) and overseas territories (formerly TOM, currently ROM) belonging to France, other languages are spoken in addition to French, for example creole languages with a French base. The Republic of France pursues an active language policy that promotes the French language nationally and internationally (Francophonie), while restricting all other languages - whether traditionally present or brought to the country by recent historical migration - mainly to the private sphere and (to a limited extent) to education (see: French language policy). English is taught in schools (almost 100 percent), followed by Spanish (44.2 percent) and German (15.3 percent).
The Orb is a British music band formed in 1988.
Raymond Kopa (born October 13, 1931 as Raymond Kopaszewski in Nœux-les-Mines, Pas-de-Calais department) is a former French footballer of Polish descent.He is one of the best French footballers of all time, along with Michel Platini and Zinédine Zidane, and also one of the top players of the 20th century worldwide. During his career, he was mostly deployed as a center forward, later mostly on the half-right, and in between repeatedly as a right winger. Only 1.68 m tall, Kopa's most outstanding qualities were his speed and agility, his finesse with the ball, his ability to score goals and his precision in passing, but he always put his individual class at the service of the team. Raymond Kopa took part in the World Cup finals in Switzerland (1954) and Sweden (1958), won the European Champion Clubs' Cup three times with Real Madrid from 1957 to 1959, and also played in the first final of this competition in 1956 with Stade Reims. With these two clubs he also achieved two successes in the Coupe Latine and a total of six national championships. His personal awards included best player in the World Cup tournament in Sweden, European Footballer of the Year (1958), and French Player of the Season and Sportsman of the Year three times. Even at a young age, the media referred to him as the Napoléon of soccer. In November
The Tas (Russian Таз) is a 1401 km long river in the north of Western Siberia. It rises in the east of the West Siberian Lowlands and flows from there in a northerly to northwesterly direction through extensive marshlands, crosses the Arctic Circle and flows into the Tasbusen at Tasovsky. This also takes in the Pur from the west and finally flows into the Obbusen. The most important tributaries are Chasselka and Tolka from the left and Bolshaya Shirta (Great Shirta), Khudossei and Russkaya from the right. The 150,000 km² catchment area through which the river flows is very sparsely populated: only about 15,000 people live there (corresponding to 0.01 inhabitants/km²), mainly concentrated in a few villages located directly on the Tas. The Tas flows through the Krasnoselkupski rajon with the villages Ratta, Kikkiakki, Tolka and the administrative seat Krasnoselkup as well as the southern part of the Tasowski rajon named after it with the village Gas-Sale and the settlement Tasowski. The area on the upper and middle reaches of the Tas with the Krasnoselkupski rajon named after them is one of the settlement areas of the small ethnic group of the Selkupes: About one third of a total of about 4000 live there. About 175 km as the crow flies above the mouth and 100 km north (downstream) of today's Krasnoselkup, on the right bank of the Tas in the 17th century, there was one of the first
The actual cockatoos (Cacatua), also called white and black-billed cockatoos, are a genus within the order of parrots. Medium to large species belong to this genus. Common to them is a white or light salmon to pink basic coloration of the plumage. They are therefore sometimes called "White Cockatoos" to distinguish them from the Raven Cockatoos.
Clackamas County is a county located in the state of Oregon in the United States. It is home to 338,391 people. The seat of the county government (county seat) is located in Oregon City, but the city is not, contrary to what the name suggests, the capital of Oregon. It used to be in the 19th century. Today it is only a medium-sized city.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan (b. October 30, 1751 in Dublin; † July 7, 1816 in London) was an Irish playwright and politician.
The New Jersey Formula One circuit, which does not yet have an official name, is a street circuit planned since 2011 in Hudson County in New Jersey, USA, around seven kilometers west of the center of Manhattan, New York City. This track will become the second U.S. circuit on the racing calendar. It was initially scheduled for completion in 2013 and was also to be included in the racing calendar. But due to delays in the construction work on the street circuit and unresolved questions about financing, the race had to be postponed. On October 25, 2011, chief organizer Leo Hindery announced that a ten-year agreement had been reached with the Formula One organization for a Formula One race. One day later, this was officially confirmed. On September 27, 2013, the FIA, motorsport's world governing body, officially published the provisional Formula One race calendar for 2014, in which the first race was to be held in New Jersey on June 1, 2014. However, the 2014 season took place without the New Jersey Grand Prix. The race was also not on the calendar in the following two years. A resumption of the project is unresolved.
The Kingdom of Araucania and Patagonia (also called Nueva Francia or Nouvelle France) was a state planned in South America in the mid-19th century by French lawyer and adventurer Orélie Antoine de Tounens. De Tounens' goal was to defend the indigenous Mapuche population against the military and economic advances of Chile and Argentina during the Arauco War. However, the establishment of the state was ignored by the governments of the other states and de Tounens was arrested by Chilean authorities only two years later and deported to France. This attempt to establish the kingdom is considered by historians as a curious and sometimes comical episode.
Belle Starr (actually: Myra Maybelle Shirley; * February 5, 1848 in Carthage, Missouri; † February 3, 1889) is one of the most famous robber brides of the Wild West.Three of her husbands, one of her lovers and she herself died a violent death. The adventurous life story of the American bandit queen has been portrayed - not always truthfully - in books and films. The information about her husbands, lovers and her involvement in criminal activities often differ.
Satsuma (jap. 薩摩藩, -han), officially: Kagoshima (鹿児島藩, -han), was a fief of the Shimazu-Daimyō that included the provinces of Satsuma and Ōsumi and the district of Morokata in Hyūga Province, as well as the Nansei Islands. The extent of the fief roughly corresponds to today's Kagoshima Prefecture.
Seoul Olympic Stadium (in Hangeul: 서울올림픽주경기장, in Hanja: 서울奧林匹克主竞技场) in the South Korean capital Seoul is a soccer stadium and athletics facility located in the southwest in the Songpa-gu district of the city and part of the Jamsil Sports Complex.
Oshikoto is one of the 13 regions of Namibia. It has an area of 26,607 km² and a population of 160,788 (as of 2001). Oshikoto is part of the populous northern part of the republic; the capital of the region since August 18, 2008 is Omuthiya, which received the status of a city on the same day. Until then, the mining town of Tsumeb was the region's capital.
Mental (presented as MƎNTAL:) is an American television series, which premiered on May 26, 2009 on the FOX channel. The series consists of 13 episodes in one season, since the broadcasting station refrained from continuing it due to weak ratings.
The town of Welzheim is a climatic health resort in the Welzheimer Forest, 40 km east of Stuttgart.
The industrial town of Chomutov (Komotau) is the district town of the Chomutov county in the Ústecký kraj region in northern Bohemia.
Nighthawks is an oil painting by the American painter Edward Hopper, painted in 1942. The painting is considered Hopper's best-known work and is considered one of the most outstanding works of U.S. painting. The 84.1 × 152.4 cm painting is now in the Art Institute of Chicago in Chicago, along with other works by Hopper.
The Goiânia microregion is a region in the Brazilian state of Goiás defined by the IBGE (Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística) for statistical purposes. It is part of the Mesoregion of Central Goiás and includes 17 municipalities.
The flag of the Federated States of Micronesia was officially raised for the first time on November 10, 1979.
Kolno (LithuanianKolnas; Belarusian Кольна (Kolna)) is a town and the seat of the town municipality and rural commune in Kolneński powiat of Podlaskie Voivodeship, Poland.
Salmakis (Greek Σαλμακίς, Latin Salmacis) is a figure from Greek mythology, a spring nymph who appears as the only one of the Naiads (according to Ovid) not belonging to Diana. According to mythology, she joined with Hermaphroditos to form a single bisexual being. Salmakis is also the name of the spring where Salmakis is said to have lived.
Dracula and his Brides (English original The Brides of Dracula) is a horror film by the British film production company Hammer from 1960 and after Dracula the second vampire adaptation by Terence Fisher.In the run-up to the production there were significant script problems, so that three writers were engaged for the manuscript. The continuing disagreements prompted film producer Anthony Hinds to try his hand as a writer as well. Under the pseudonym John Elder, he wrote various film scenarios in the following years, which significantly shaped the horror film production of Hammer.
The Grumman TBF Avenger was the standard torpedo bomber of the U.S. naval forces in the final years of World War II and the period that followed.
According to DIN 1310, the molality (formula symbol: b, sometimes also m) is a so-called content quantity, i.e. a physical-chemical quantity for the quantitative description of the composition of solutions. Here, the quantity of a dissolved substance is related to the mass of the solvent.
The Krishna (formerly anglicized Kistna; Marathi: कृष्णा नदी Kr̥ṣṇā nadī, Kannada: ಕೃಷ್ಣಾ ನದಿ Kr̥ṣṇā nadi, Telugu కృష్ణా నది Kr̥ṣṇā nadi) is a river in southern India. With a length of about 1291 km, it is one of the longest rivers in the country. Its source is in the Western Ghats near Pune in the state of Maharashtra. The Krishna runs parallel to the Godavari through Karnataka and Telangana to then flow into the Bay of Bengal at Hamasaladevi in Andhra Pradesh. The starting point is considered by Indians to be a spring that emerges from the mouth of the statue of a cow in the temple of Mahadev in Mahabaleshwar. Its most important tributary is the Tungabhadra, which is itself a confluence of the Tunga and Bhadra. Other tributaries include Koyna, Bhima, Mallaprabha, Ghataprabha, Yerla, Varna, Dindi, Musi, and Dudhganga. Two large dams have been constructed in the river: one at Srisailam, the second at Nagarjuna. The Srisailam dam has a reservoir volume of 8.72 km³ and the Nagarjuna-Sagar dam one of 11.56 km³. The latter, with a height of 124 m, has the highest masonry dam wall in the world. The Koyna Dam was built on the Koyna tributary.
Sympatholytics, also adrenoceptor antagonists, are substances that inhibit excitation transmission from sympathetic nerve endings to sympathetic effector cells by blocking adrenoceptors. Sympatholytics can be divided into: * α-receptor blockers * β-receptor blockers * antisympathotonics.
Obrataň (German Wobratein) is a village in the Czech Republic. It lies 19 kilometers east of Tábor and belongs to the Okres Pelhřimov.
The Compagnie de la Nouvelle France, also known as the Compagnie des Cent-Associés, was a French trading company founded in 1627 and privileged by King Louis XIII. It was granted by Cardinal Richelieu the huge monopoly of trade between Florida and the Arctic territories and between the Atlantic coast and the west of North America, still unknown in Europe. She undertook to bring 4000 settlers from France.
Philon of Larisa (Greek Φίλων Phílōn, also Philon of Larissa; b. 159/158 bc in Larisa; † 84/83 bc in Rome) was an ancient Greek philosopher. He belonged to the Platonic Academy in Athens, which he headed as scholarch (head of the school) from 110/109 to 88. Philon was the last scholarch of the "Younger Academy," which at that time was dominated by the authority of the famous scholar Karneades, who died in 129/128. Karneades was the most prominent representative of the skepticism characteristic of the Younger Academy, to which his successors adhered. His students and their disciples represented partly radical skepticism, partly moderate variants. Philon was a moderate skeptic. He was mainly interested in questions of epistemology and ethics. In the course of the development of his thought, he arrived at a new approach, abandoning the conventional strict criterion of truth and thus greatly softening skepticism. He spent the last years of his life in Rome, where Cicero was among his listeners. His main opponent was his former student Antiochos of Ascalon, who rejected skepticism altogether and fought it fiercely. Sometimes Philon is called the founder of a new school, the "fourth academy," because of his innovation; however, this term does not appear in contemporary sources.
Grog is an alcoholic hot drink. It consists mainly of rum and hot water. In the numerous variations, arrack, brandy, whiskey, red wine or tequila are also used instead of rum. The term groggy originally referred to the feeling when one had drunk too much grog, and today is also often used to describe an exhausted state. Especially in boxing parlance, it is used as a synonym for battered and reeling.
The medieval university is an institution of higher learning that emerged in the High Middle Ages and came to full fruition in the Late Middle Ages. The first educational institutions in medieval Europe to bear the designation of university were established in Italy, France and England in the late 11th and 12th centuries. Their purpose was to impart knowledge in the fields of the Seven Liberal Arts, law, medicine, and theology. These universities developed from the older school system. It is difficult to say when they became true universities, although the list of Studia Generalia is a helpful starting point. The word universitas was originally applied only to the scholastic guild within a studium, that is, to the community of students and magisters. The term was originally always specified by an addition, such as universitas magistrorum, universitas scholarium, or universitas magistrorum et scholarium. In the late Middle Ages, the term universitas began to be used without such further specification. It was understood exclusively as a self-governing community of teachers and scholars whose body was recognized by the secular or ecclesiastical authorities. See List of Medieval Universities for an overview of all foundations up to the year 1500.
August 11: In the naval battle off Cape Passero, a British fleet under the command of Admiral George Byng attacks and rounds up a Spanish one without prior declaration of war. * September 30: After months of siege, Messina becomes the last Sicilian city to surrender to the Spanish.  * Autumn: A small Austrian army crosses from Naples to Sicily, but can only hold a bridgehead around Milazzo.  * December 17: After the Spanish rejection of Quadruple Alliance terms, Britain declares war on Spain. The war thus expands to the Spanish colonies in South America.  * At the turn of the year, France also officially enters the war after the Cellamare conspiracy planned by Giulio Alberoni and Louise Bénédicte de Bourbon against the French regent Philippe II de Bourbon, duc d'Orléans, becomes known.
Geoffrey Alan Landis (born May 28, 1955 in Detroit) is an American science fiction author and scientist. Landis often writes "hard" science fiction, in which he also processes the research he conducts as a practicing scientist. Landis is the author of several scientific papers. He writes of Fermi paradox and Venus colonization and other scientific topics.
The thoracic duct (from Latin ductus "duct" and ancient Greek ϑοράξ thorax "thorax") is a lymphatic collecting trunk in the thoracic cavity and thus part of the lymphatic system. The first description of this duct was in the 17th century by Jean Pecquet in dogs, and in humans a few years later by Thomas Bartholin. The thoracic duct begins in the lumbar cistern (cisterna chyli), a lymphatic collecting sac ventral to the first lumbar vertebrae that collects all lymph from the abdominal cavity, pelvic cavity, and legs (or hindlimbs). Because much of the fat absorbed in the intestine is carried away by the lymph, the lymph has a milky, cloudy appearance after ingestion, which is why the thoracic duct is also known in German as the "milk-breast duct." From the lumbar cistern, the thoracic duct passes through the hiatus aorticus of the diaphragm into the thoracic cavity, where it lies to the right of the aorta. In the thoracic cavity, the thoracic duct still receives the lymph of the thoracic organs, in humans also that of the left arm (truncus subclavius) and the left side of the head and neck (truncus trachealis), and opens into the left venous angle (confluence of the subclavian and internal jugular veins to form the brachiocephalic vein). Rupture of the thoracic duct leads to outflow of lymph into the thoracic cavity (chylothorax).
The term vaudeville (pronunciation: [vɔd.vil]) denotes: * an early form of French percussion since the 15th century. * a Parisian theatrical genre with singing and instrumental accompaniment that reached the height of its popularity in the 1840s. * a genre of U.S. (especially New York) entertainment theater since about 1860, most popular around 1900. These three meanings merge: Vaudeville as a song genre in the 16th/17th centuries can already be a characteristic of plays in which it is inserted. Vaudeville as a theatrical genre in the 19th century can always still contain vaudevilles as songs in the old sense. And French vaudeville as a self-contained play may, in the productions of the music halls after 1850, pass into that revue-like loose succession of musical, dance, and acrobatic numbers which characterizes American vaudeville.
Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach was an Ernestine duchy in present-day Thuringia and a territory of the Holy Roman Empire. The capital was Weimar. It was created in 1741, when the Duchy of Saxe-Eisenach fell to the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar. In 1809, under Duke Carl August of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, Saxe-Eisenach and Saxe-Weimar were united under constitutional law to form the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, ruled by the House of Saxe-Weimar. At the Congress of Vienna in 1815, the duchy attained the status of a grand duchy; from 1903, it referred to itself as the Grand Duchy of Saxony.
(1115) Sabauda is an asteroid of the Main Belt discovered on December 13, 1928 by the Italian astronomer Luigi Volta in Pino Torinese. The name of the asteroid is derived from the Latin name of the dynasty of Savoy.
Campobasso (Italian for Lower Field) is the capital of the Italian region of Molise and the province of Campobasso. The city is located in the Apennines 780 meters above sea level and has 49,431 inhabitants (as of December 31, 2015) in an area of about 55 km². The neighboring municipalities are Busso, Campodipietra, Castropignano, Ferrazzano, Matrice, Mirabello Sannitico, Oratino, Ripalimosani, San Giovanni in Galdo and Vinchiaturo. Through the writer Jan Weiler and his two novels "Maria, ihm schmeckt's nicht" and "Antonio im Wunderland" the place reached a certain notoriety in the German-speaking world.
N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (NMP) is a chemical compound. It can be seen as a lactam of N-methylaminobutyric acid and is thus a γ-lactam.
Pesvice (German Pößwitz) is a village in the Czech Republic. It is located five kilometers east of the city center of Chomutov and belongs to the Okres Chomutov.
The Bell Witch is a folkloric figure from the U.S. state of Tennessee.
The Tithonium (in German often shortened to Tithon, more rarely also Tithonien, until 1990 partly also called Portlandium) is the highest chronostratigraphic stage of the Jurassic and lasted geochronologically from about 152.1 to about 145 million years. The Tithonian follows the Kimmeridgian and is succeeded by the Berriasian, the lowest stage of the Lower Cretaceous.
My Catalonia (English: Homage to Catalonia) is a book by George Orwell about his experiences in the Spanish Civil War, published in London in 1938. The first German edition was published in 1964.
The 1973 Canadian Grand Prix took place on September 23 and was the fourteenth race of the 1973 World Automobile Championship.
Kendall is a census-designated place (CDP) in Miami-Dade County in the U.S. state of Florida with a population of 75,371 as of 2010.
The Peking-Paris auto race was a rally for automobiles held in 1907 over the nearly 16,000 km distance from Peking, China to Paris, France.
Santa Isabel is a city in the metropolitan area of São Paulo, Brazil, near Guarulhos. The population in 2003 was about 45,500, distributed in 361 km², with a population density of 126.08 inhabitants/km². The borders of Santa Isabel are Nazaré Paulista to the northwest and north, Igaratá and Jacareí to the northeast, Guararema and Mogi das Cruzes to the southeast, and Arujá and Guarulhos to the southwest.
The term Shōtōkai (jap. 松濤會) refers to a style in the Japanese martial art Karate-dō.
The trogons (Trogonidae), also called gnawers, are the only recent family in the order Trogoniformes. In this family there are six genera and 39 species. They inhabit the tropical forest regions of Africa, India, Southeast Asia, and Central and South America, spending most of the day in trees. They rarely stay on the ground. With their short, weak legs, they are not good runners. Some species of trogons are highly endangered due to habitat destruction, including the quetzal, the national bird of Guatemala.
The Ediacarium is a period of the Earth's history about 600 million years ago. During this time the origin of multicellular animal life took place. The Ediacarium is the youngest chronostratigraphic system and the youngest geochronological period of the Proterozoic. It began about 635 million years ago and ended about 541 million years ago. It is underlain by the Cryogenian and overlain by the Cambrian.
Casanova Elvo (Piedmontese Casanòva) is a comune with 237 inhabitants (as of 31 December 2015) in the Italian province of Vercelli (VC), Piedmont region. The neighboring municipalities are Collobiano, Formigliana, Olcenengo, San Germano Vercellese, Santhià and Villarboit. The municipal territory covers an area of 16 km².
Spica (Latin for ear of corn), also called α Virginis, Azimech or Alaraph, is the brightest star in the constellation Virgo and the fifteenth brightest star in the night sky. In the constellation Virgo, Spica represents the ear of corn in Virgo's hand. In Mesopotamia, Spica was known as dšala šubultu (God/Goddess Shala, the Ear of Corn), later also Divine Maiden of the Ear of Corn. The Romans believed to see in Spica the goddess Ceres. Roman names are Spicum, Spigha, Stachys (from Gr. stakhum corn ear), and Aristae Puella (corn maiden). Spica is an eclipsing variable star of the Beta Cephei type like Algol. The brightness of Spica changes with a period of 4.0142 days between +0.92 mag and +0.98 mag. This small variation in brightness is hardly detectable visually. Both components of Spica are of spectral type B (B1 to B4), with the brighter star near the end of its stable period as a main sequence star. The two stars are among the hottest of the bright stars in the night sky. Because of the high temperature, much of the light is emitted in the invisible ultraviolet region. The brighter star has a temperature of 22,400 K and a luminosity 13,500 times that of the sun. Its radius is 7.8 times the solar radius and extends to nearly 30% of the distance between the two stars. The
The Party of Democratic Socialism (abbreviation: PDS) was a left-wing political party in Germany that existed from 1989 to 2007 and was active mainly in the new German states. It emerged from the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED), which had initially renamed itself the Socialist Unity Party of Germany - Party of Democratic Socialism (SED-PDS) in December 1989. On February 4, 1990, after a change in personnel and content, it changed its name to the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS) and in July 2005 to Die Linkspartei.PDS (abbreviated as Die Linke.PDS). On June 16, 2007, it finally merged with the WASG to become Die Linke. Its membership was estimated at 60,338 in December 2006. Some political scientists classified the PDS as left-wing populist.
Lorna Wing (b. October 7, 1928 in Gillingham; † June 6, 2014) was a British psychiatrist who, continuing the work of Hans Asperger, defined Asperger syndrome.
The BMJ (before 1988 British Medical Journal, until July 1, 2014 BMJ) is a medical journal published by BMJ Group (owned by the British Medical Association) in London. It has been published weekly in English since 1840 (at that time as Provincial Medical and Surgical Journal). In 2013, circulation was just under 122,000 copies. According to the ISI Web of Knowledge, in 2015 the impact factor was 19.967, placing the journal fourth (out of 154 journals) in the general and internal medicine category.
The Douglas DC-9 or McDonnell Douglas DC-9 is a narrow-body twin-engine aircraft built by the U.S. aircraft manufacturer Douglas Aircraft Company (from 1967: McDonnell Douglas) for short- and medium-haul service. It is a twin-engine low-wing monoplane with jet engines mounted at the side of the tail, a pressurized cabin, retractable landing gear and a T-tail. The DC-9 was completely redesigned by Douglas to complement the four-engine long-range DC-8, following experience with the latter.
Jon Brower Minnoch (b. September 29, 1941, on Bainbridge Island; † September 10, 1983, in Seattle) is considered the heaviest person ever. His weight could not be measured at the time. Doctors estimated his weight at 635 kilograms. His height was 185 cm.
Scalea is a coastal municipality in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy with 10,913 inhabitants (as of December 31, 2015).
The saltweeds (Salsola) are a genus of plants in the foxtail family (Amaranthaceae). The botanical genus name is derived from the Latin salsus for salty, corresponding to the habitats of many species.
The 54th Tour de France took place from June 29 to July 23, 1967 and covered 4,780 km in 22 stages. After only four years, the brand teams were again replaced by national teams. There were 130 racers taking part in the tour, 88 of whom were classified.
Jurupa Valley is a city in Riverside County in the U.S. state of California. In 2011, Jurupa Valley was formed by merging five previous Census-designated places.
The final round of the 1986 World Cup (Spanish: Campeonato Mundial De Futbol, English: Football World Championship) was the 13th round of this most important tournament for national soccer teams and took place from May 31 to June 29, 1986 for the second time after 1970 in Mexico. The World Champion was Argentina in the final against Germany, which thus lost its second World Cup final in a row. In memory of the World Cup 1986 remained especially the performance of Argentina's captain Diego Maradona who led his team to the title and was awarded as the best player of the tournament. Especially the quarterfinal Argentina - England, in which Maradona first scored an irregular goal with his "Hand of God" and only three minutes later scored the World Cup goal of the century, in which he dribbled around the entire English back line, including goalkeeper Peter Shilton, for about 60 meters, before then slotting the ball into the empty goal, is still controversially discussed today. Defending champion Italy was defeated by France in the round of 16. Austria, the GDR and Switzerland failed to qualify. The top scorer was England's Gary Lineker with 6 goals.
Air sports (also sport aviation) is part of general aviation and refers to all types of sporting activities with or in aircraft as well as their acquisition, operation and maintenance.
Calgary [ˈkʰæɫ.gə.ɹi] (Scottish Gaelic for beach by the meadow) is the largest city in the province of Alberta and the fourth largest in Canada, with a population of 1,096,833. Calgary is located in the south of the province at the confluence of the Elbow River and the Bow River. In 1988, Calgary was the first Canadian city to host the Winter Olympics.
The smelts (Osmeriformes (Gr.: osme = bad smell + Lat.: forma = shape)) are an order of bony fishes (Teleostei). They live in the northern hemisphere of the earth as well as in New Zealand, Tasmania, southeastern Australia and the Chatham Islands in cool and temperate regions in brackish and fresh water, some species also temporarily in the sea. Only a few species of the family Salangidae also occur in tropical areas. With the exception of the European smelt (Osmerus eperlanus) and possibly one or two salangid species, all smelt spawn in fresh waters.
Medelpad is a historical province (Swedish landskap) in the county of Norrland. Medelpad borders Hälsingland to the south, Härjedalen to the west, Jämtland to the northwest and Ångermanland to the north. Together with Ångermanland, Medelpad forms the present-day province (Swedish: län) of Västernorrlands län. Medelpad is home to 2600 preserved antiquities, including Kvissle-Nolby-Prästbolet and the Nolbystenen south of Sundsvall. Medelpad was the power and economic center of northern Sweden until the early modern period. The Selångers Fjord, now silted up, was the key landscape feature, and it is thought that the name Medelpad meant the beach area of the former Kungsnäs peninsula and meant "beach area in the middle". The cult of Olav the Saint also had a Swedish focus here, in that the most important pilgrimage route to Nidaros began here. Medelpad's seal from the 16th century includes a processional flag with Olav's axe in the center. It was replaced around 1600 by a seal with two streams and two opposing fish. Until the 16th century it was a letter seal with a stylized "M" in the center. Medelpad is the geographical center of Sweden. However, it is considered to belong to northern Sweden.
Alice in Wonderland: Behind the Mirrors (original title: Alice Through the Looking Glass) is a US adventure fantasy film directed by James Bobin, based on the novel Alice Behind the Mirrors by Lewis Carroll, the sequel to Alice in Wonderland, which was already remade in 2010 with Alice in Wonderland. The screenplay was written by Linda Woolverton, while Tim Burton, who directed the previous film, served as producer here. The film was released in the USA on May 27, 2016, and in Germany already on May 25, 2016.
A driving license or a driver's license is an official document expressing an existence of a permission to drive certain vehicles on public traffic grounds. In Germany, a driver's license contains information about the issuance of a driver's license, in Austria about the issuance of a driving(er) license. In Switzerland, the name of this document is Führerausweis (colloquially also Fahrausweis, Billet or Permis), it indicates the right to drive. In contrast, the driver's license, driving authorization or driving permit is an administrative act, i.e. the official permission to drive motor vehicles (Switzerland: motor vehicles) on public roads, paths and places. It is tied to a specific vehicle type - the vehicle class: Anyone who holds the authorization for a class has the right to drive a vehicle of this class. It is granted by the competent authority and is linked to fitness to drive and proof of qualification in the form of a driving test (Swiss High German: Führerprüfung), in Germany according to the Road Traffic Act (StVG) and the Driving License Ordinance (FeV), in Austria according to the Motor Vehicle Act (KFG) and the Driving License Act (FSG), and in Switzerland according to the Road Traffic Act (SVG) and the Traffic Licensing Ordinance (VZV).
Situla is the name of the star Kappa Aquarii (κ Aquarii) in the constellation Aquarius. Situla belongs to spectral class K2III and has an apparent magnitude of +5.03 mag. The distance is about 234 light-years. As a star close to the ecliptic Situla can be occulted by the moon and (very rarely) by planets. Coordinates (equinox 2000) * Right ascension: 22h 37m 45.40s * Declination: -4°13′41″
The Uecker (Ucker) is a lowland river a good 98 kilometers long with a catchment area of 2200 km². The slow-flowing, diverse river bears the name Ucker in its Brandenburg part and the name Uecker in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.
The term stochastic differential equation (abbreviation SDGL or English SDE for stochastic differential equation) is a generalization in mathematics of the term ordinary differential equation to stochastic processes.Stochastic differential equations are used in numerous applications to model time-dependent processes that are subject to stochastic disturbance factors (noise) in addition to deterministic influences. The mathematical formulation of the problem posed major problems for mathematicians, and thus the formal theory of stochastic differential equations was not formulated until the 1940s by the Japanese mathematician Itō Kiyoshi. Together with stochastic integration, the theory of stochastic differential equations founded stochastic analysis.
The Egg and I (original title The Egg and I) is an American literary adaptation directed by Chester Erskine. Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray play a young couple who move from the city to the country to start a chicken farm, which leads to all sorts of turbulence. The film adaptation is based on Betty MacDonald's 1945 autobiographical novel of the same name, which sold more than a million copies within a year.
Jean-Claude Killy (born August 30, 1943 in Saint-Cloud) is a former French ski racer. He dominated alpine ski racing in the late 1960s, winning three Olympic gold medals, six world titles and the overall World Ski Cup twice. He subsequently worked as an advertiser, car racer, film actor and entrepreneur. Since the 1980s, Killy has appeared primarily as a sports official. He was co-chairman of the organizing committee of the 1992 Winter Olympics and director of the Tour de France. He was a full member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) from 1995 to 2014 and has been an honorary member since then. In 1999, he was elected France's Sportsman of the Century. The Oreiller-Killy slope in Val-d'Isère is named after Killy and his compatriot Henri Oreiller. On November 19, 1999, he was honored with the "World Sports Award" as best skier (Annemarie Moser-Pröll received this award as best female skier) at the "World Sportsman of the Century" organized by ex-ski jumper Hubert Neuper at the Vienna State Opera.
The Immortals or the Persian Immortals (Greek: Ἀθάνατοι) formed an elite military unit of the ancient Persian Empire. To date, no Persian source has survived in which they were mentioned. Instead, they were mentioned exclusively by Greek historians.
Rutland is an independent administrative unit (Unitary Authority) in England and borders Leicestershire to the west and north, Lincolnshire to the northeast and Northamptonshire to the southeast. The largest extension in north-south direction is 29 km, in west-east direction it is 27 km. In terms of population, Rutland is the smallest Unitary Authority in England (only the City of London is smaller) and ranks 345th out of the 350 districts. The two main towns are Oakham, the administrative seat, and Uppingham. In the center of the county is a large reservoir, Rutland Water, an important nature reserve that serves as a wintering ground for geese and a breeding ground for ospreys. The town of Stamford lies across the border in a prominent part of Lincolnshire. Rutland's largest employer is the American mail-order company Lands' End, whose European headquarters are in Oakham. In the 1970s, Eric Idle, one of the Monty Pythons, teamed up with Neil Innes of the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band to produce a TV comedy series called Rutland Weekend Television.
A cedilla [seˈdiːj(ə)] (French cédille, Spanish cedilla, port. cedilha, actually "small Z"; also Zedille, Zedilla, Cedilha) is a diacritical mark used to indicate a particular pronunciation of a letter. It is a left-curved tick in the middle under the letter, which may resemble a 5, a small mirrored c, a small s, or a z with a subring. The cedilla is usually placed at the c or c.
The Compact Muon Solenoid Experiment (CMS) is a particle detector at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) at CERN in Switzerland. The location of the experiment is an underground hall in the accelerator ring near Cessy in France. The main goals of the experiment are: * the discovery of the Higgs boson * the search for evidence of supersymmetry or still unknown particles in general * studying the collision of heavy ions. The group includes more than 5800 people from about 200 scientific institutes worldwide. The name of the detector describes its design: * compact: its relatively small size (cylinder shape, 21 m long, 15 m diameter, about 14,000 tons) compared to the other experiments at the LHC * myon: its ability to measure muon tracks particularly well * solenoid: its strong solenoid magnet (13 m long, 6 m diameter, flux density of the cooled superconducting niobium-titanium coil max. 4 Tesla). The magnet enables - as in most other detectors - the determination of the charge-to-mass ratio by measuring the curvature of the particle track in the magnetic field, similar to a mass spectrometer. The experiment's spokesperson is currently (2015) Tiziano Camporesi[obsolete], and previously included Joe Incandela, Michel Della Negra, Tejinder Virdee, and Guido Tonelli. In 2012, the CMS collaboration, together with the independently working second
The 7th presidential election in the United States took place in 1812. Incumbent President James Madison was confirmed and won against DeWitt Clinton, the Federalist candidate. The election was marked by the British-American War, which broke out in June 1812.
Koforidua is a city in West Africa, Ghana and had a population of approximately 87,315 at the 2000 census (up from 58,731 in 1984). According to a calculation, there are 98,000 people living in Koforidua in 2006. The coordinates of this city are 6.09 degrees N and 0.26 degrees W. Some sources also refer to Koforidua as New Juaben. Koforidua is the capital of the Eastern Region and is located about 80 km north of the capital Accra on the main road from Accra to the north. Koforidua is located at the foot of Mountain Obuotabiri in a valley enclosed by the Juaben Mountains.
The United Soccer Leagues (USL) is an umbrella organization for several North American soccer leagues below Major League Soccer (MLS) and the North American Soccer League (NASL). It is affiliated with the United States Soccer Federation (USSF), the United States Adult Soccer Association (USASA), and the Canadian Soccer Association (CSA). The USL includes the United Soccer League (USL) and the USL Premier Development League (PDL) (4th division). It also organizes the second-tier women's W-League and the junior leagues (both women's and men's or girls' and boys') Super-20 League (17 to 20 years) and Super Y-League (13 to 17 years). The USL First Division and USL Second Division are professional, while the other leagues are amateur.
The Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) of the Council of Europe presents a comprehensive recommendation for language learners and teachers, which makes language acquisition, language use and language competence of learners transparent and comparable. This recommendation is made for all sub-qualifications (reading comprehension, listening comprehension, writing and speaking) and is defined and formulated in terms of six levels of competence. The CEFR represents a common basis for the development of target language curricula, curricular guidelines, textbooks and qualification certificates in European language work and enables their interlingual comparability. It follows the action- and task-oriented approach, according to which language learners are seen as acting linguistically in social contexts. In addition, it pursues the language policy goal of promoting multilingualism and individual multilingualism, thereby also contributing to strengthening international cooperation in the field of modern languages. The CEFR is also being adopted beyond Europe and is becoming more and more accepted as a standard. For example, in Egypt, Japan, Canada, Colombia, Korea and the Philippines.
Mount Scenery on the Caribbean island of Saba is the highest elevation in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The stratovolcano reaches a height of 877 meters, surpassing Vaalserberg, the highest point of the Netherlands on the European mainland, by almost 555 meters. Since the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles on October 10, 2010 and the incorporation of Saba as a "Special Municipality" into the Netherlands, Mount Scenery is also considered the highest mountain in the Netherlands. The last eruption in 1640 resulted in severe explosions and pyroclastic flows, even today Mount Scenery is classified as a hazard.
The Milesians (Irish Clann Mhíle, "Children of Míl"), sometimes called Gaels, were a mythical Irish race descended, according to written tradition, from Míl Espáne (supposedly from Latin miles hispaniae "soldier from Spain") and, according to the Lebor Gabála Érenn ("Book of the Taking of the Land of Ireland"), are referred to as the last wave of immigration to Ireland.
Dylan Moscovitch (born September 23, 1984 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian figure skater who competes in pairs skating. Moscovitch first skated alongside Kirsten Moore-Towers in the spring of 2009. In 2011, they became Canadian champions. They then competed in their debut at the World Championships in Moscow, finishing in eighth place. In 2013, Moore-Towers and Moscovitch won silver at the Four Continents Championship behind compatriots Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford. At the following World Championships in London, Canada, they finished fourth, their best result at World Championships to date. Moscovitch parted ways with Moore-Towers at the end of April 2014. His new partner became Lyubov Ilyushechkina, who was released by the Russian federation for Canada in October 2014.
Ganzhou (Chinese 赣州市, pinyin Gànzhōu Shì) is a district-free city in Jiangxi Province of the People's Republic of China, with an area of 39,379.64 km² and a population of approximately 8,456,900 (end 2005).
Die Tore der Welt (original title: World Without End) is a 2012 multi-part German-Canadian television film based on Ken Follett's novel of the same name and directed by Michael Caton-Jones. The German language premiere was on ORF eins, where the film was shown on October 28 and November 1, 2012. The premiere in Germany was in Berlin on November 14, 2012, and it was shown as a four-part series on Sat.1 from December 3, 2012.
In rail transport, track gauge is the distance between the track-bearing elements of the track. On conventional railroads, these are the inner edges of the rail heads of a track. Sometimes the term "gauge width" is also used; however, this is incorrect because the width is an external dimension, whereas the track gauge is an internal dimension. For rail vehicles, the gauge is the width of the track for which the running gear is designed. The distance between the wheel flanges is referred to as the gauge. In Germany, the track gauge is measured in the range between 0 and 14 millimeters below the top of the rail in accordance with Section 5 of the Railway Construction and Operation Regulations. According to TSI HGV Infrastructure, point 4.3.3.10, the track gauge shall be measured at a height of 14.5 millimeters with a tolerance of 0.5 millimeters below the top of the rail. In Switzerland, the track gauge is measured 14 mm below the rail running surface for standard gauge and for meter gauge, and 10 mm below the rail running surface for streetcars, according to the Implementation Regulations for the Railway Ordinance (AB-EBV).
Dolores Heredia (born October 6, 1966 in La Paz, Baja California Sur) is a Mexican actress. Heredia grew up in La Paz as the youngest of seven children. Her mother was a photographer from Sinaloa and her father a sailor from Guanajuato. She studied theater at the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
Anna... Exile New York (Anna) is a 1987 film drama starring Sally Kirkland, based on the experiences of Elżbieta Czyżewska, who emigrated to the United States in the 1960s.
Rise of Legends is a real-time strategy game developed for Windows by Big Huge Games and published by Microsoft in 2006. It is a spin-off of Rise of Nations, published in 2003. Unlike this title, which has a historical background, Rise of Legends is set in the fantasy world of Aio, where magic and technology based on steam engines coexist (steampunk). The resource Timonium that appears in the game is a reference to Big Huge Games' headquarters in Maryland.
The cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus), also called mulberry, multberry, shellberry, swamp blackberry or peatberry, is a plant species of the genus Rubus. It is the only representative of the subgenus Chamaemorus and belongs to the subfamily Rosoideae within the rose family (Rosaceae). The cloudberry is very rare in Central Europe. There are no occurrences in Austria and Switzerland. The very small occurrences in northern Germany are strictly protected.The fame grew with the image of cloudberry on the Finnish 2-euro coin. This plant species is a landmark of Lapland.
Zeev Sternhell (* April 10, 1935 in Przemyśl, Poland) is an Israeli political scientist. He is the Léon Blum Professor of Political Science at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Sternhell emigrated to Israel in 1951 and currently lives in Tel Aviv. He is best known for his research on fascism.
Abarbaree (Greek Ἀβαρβαρέη) is a naiad of Greek mythology. Bukolion, an illegitimate son of King Laomedon of Troy and the nymph Kalybe, tended sheep as a shepherd and won the love of the young Abarbaree. She bore him the twin sons Aisepos and Pedasos, who were killed by Euryalos before Troy. According to another version of the legend, Abarbaree also became the mother of Euphorbos, who lived as a hunter on Mount Ida, through Bukolos.
The Romanian Davis Cup team is the national tennis team of Romania. The Davis Cup is the most important competition for national teams in men's tennis, analogous to the Fed Cup for women.
Parabiago is a northern Italian municipality of 27,692 inhabitants (as of December 31, 2015) in the Metropolitan City of Milan, Lombardy The city benefited during the industrialization of the 19th century from its convenient location on the route from Milan to Switzerland. The city consists of the districts of Ravello, San Lorenzo, Villastanza and Villapia. The neighboring municipalities are: Cerro Maggiore, San Vittore Olona, Canegrate, Nerviano, Busto Garolfo, Casorezzo and Arluno. One of the most famous buildings is the church of Parabiago.
Nilüfer Yumlu (born May 31, 1955 in Cihangir, Istanbul), known as Nilüfer, is a Turkish pop singer. She participated in the 23rd Grand Prix Eurovision de la Chanson in Paris on April 22, 1978 with the song Sevince together with the band Nazar, finishing in 18th place together with the candidate of Finland. She has been the national UNICEF ambassador of Turkey since 1997.
Javadoc is a software documentation tool that automatically creates HTML documentation files from Java source code. Like Java, Javadoc was developed by Sun Microsystems and has been part of the Java Development Kit since version 2. The documentation can be enriched by special comments in the source code, here tags are used, which serve to describe e.g. interfaces, classes, methods and fields more near. Beside the standard output in HTML alternative outputs are possible by special Doclets.
Endometrial hyperplasia (from Greek endo- ένδον, inside, metrium μήτρα, uterus, hyper ΰπερ over, beyond, plasia πλασις the forming), is a circumscribed or generalized increase in size (hyperplasia) of the endometrium. Unlike hypertrophy, the increase in size in hyperplasia is caused by an increase in cell number.
Gibraltar (English [dʒɨˈbɹɒltə], Spanish [xiβɾalˈtaɾ]) is a British overseas territory at the southern tip of the Iberian Peninsula. It has been under the sovereignty of the United Kingdom since 1704 and was officially ceded by Spain in the Peace of Utrecht in 1713.
Emmy Noether (Amalie Emmy Noether) (born March 23, 1882 in Erlangen, Germany; † April 14, 1935 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania) was a German mathematician who made fundamental contributions to abstract algebra and theoretical physics. In particular, Noether revolutionized the theory of rings, solids, and algebras. Noether's theorem, named after her, gives the connection between symmetries of physical laws of nature and conservation laws.
Come See the Paradise (original title Come See the Paradise) is a 1990 melodrama by director Alan Parker that focuses on the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II.
Nové Bránice, until 1947 Německé Bránice (German Branitz) is a municipality in the Czech Republic. It lies six kilometers southeast of Ivančice and belongs to the Okres Brno-venkov.
Neo-Romanesque, also called Neo-Romanesque, is a European art style of the 19th century. At that time, artists, especially architects, drew on models from the past two millennia - in this case, the Romanesque. However, there were also Neo-Gothic, Neo-Renaissance, Neo-Baroque and the unification of several of these styles in one work (so-called eclecticism), which together are referred to in the history of styles as historicism.
The list of ISO-3166-2 codes for Brazil contains the codes for the 26 Brazilian states and the federal district. The codes consist of two parts separated by a hyphen. The first part gives the country code according to ISO 3166-1 (for Brazil BR), the second the code for the state or federal district.The current country code has not been updated since it was published in 1998.
John of the Cross (Spanish Juan de la Cruz, birth name Juan de Yepes Álvarez) (born June 24, 1542, in Fontiveros near Ávila, Castile, Spain; † December 14, 1591, in the monastery in Úbeda) was an Discalced Carmelite, mystic, saint, and Doctor of the Church; his tomb is in the Carmelite church in Segovia, Spain.
Pecos is the county seat and county seat of Reeves County in the U.S. state of Texas in the United States.
The literature of the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire was largely written in Latin (in addition, Greek also played an important role from about 200). The periods of Latin literature are traditionally divided into the Golden Latinity, which roughly covers the period from the beginning of the 1st century BC to the middle of the 1st century AD, and the Silver Latinity, which covers the later classical period. Finally, after the end of the 2nd century comes the Late Latin literature, whose epoch extends to the end of Late Antiquity around 600 AD and the development of the Romance languages.
A learning platform or learning management system (LMS) is a complex software system that serves to provide learning content and organize learning processes. An important task of a web-based learning environment is also to enable communication between learners and teachers. Consequently, it symbolizes an interface between the education provider and the learner. This does not include mere educational content offered via the Internet such as normal web presences or portals. The advantage of an LMS is thus the relief at the learning enterprise, the regulation of the information flow, simplification of learning and assumption of numerous administrative tasks.
A tiburio (Italian) is a self-supporting component of church architecture. It corresponds roughly to a crossing tower, but also appears in churches without transepts. The term derives from the medieval Latin tiburium, possibly an alteration of the term ciborium, i.e. an elaborately decorated superstructure resting on columns and decorated with figures above an altar in the form of a canopy (ciborium). The tiburio encloses or rather surrounds a dome vault of the interior from the outside in order to protect it. However, its function goes beyond a mere sheathing or covering. Rather, it is a structurally independent structure that is not supported by the dome. In plan, it can be round, polygonal, or quadrangular; as a structure, cylindrical, cubic, or prismatic. Usually the tiburio is covered with a sloping roof and crowned with a lantern. The tiburio has its origin in the early Christian and Byzantine architecture and is used from the Romanesque to the Renaissance. This form of domed superstructure is most common in Lombard Romanesque architecture and the church buildings inspired by it in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Probably its development goes back to the attempt to make the urban appearance of a church independent of the size of the dome. Unlike, for example, in Roman church building, where the dome of
Alfred Edmund Brehm (* February 2, 1829 in Unterrenthendorf, now Renthendorf; † November 11, 1884 in Renthendorf) was a German zoologist and writer. His name became synonymous with popular scientific zoological literature through the book title Brehms Tierleben.
The history of Haiti refers to the history of the Caribbean nation of Haiti, which today comprises the western half of the island of Hispaniola. Haiti was the first country in Latin America to free itself from the status of a colony (in this case, France) and gain independence in 1804. After the USA, Haiti was also the second state on the American continent to achieve this on its own, through the Haitian Revolution. The history of the country also includes 200 years of Spanish colonial rule (1492-1697), which the country shares with the Dominican Republic on the eastern half of the island, as well as 300 years of slavery for the majority of the population, which, after the extermination of the indigenous population, consisted mainly of people forcibly deported from Africa or their descendants. It was not until the 17th century that the influence of France in the territory of present-day Haiti began to displace and eventually replace Spanish rule. From this time on, the lines of development of the eastern, Spanish-influenced and the western (Haitian) part of the island of Hispaniola also separated, with which the history of Haiti in the narrower sense begins.
Bovarysme is a motif in French literature and was named after the title character of the novel Madame Bovary. Moeurs de province (1857) by Gustave Flaubert. After the novel, the French philosopher Jules de Gaultier (1858-1942) coined the term bovarysme, which acquired exemplary meaning: Mme Bovary suffered from an exalted imagination, induced not least by clandestine reading of the novel, which led to her inability to cope with everyday life in her petty bourgeois and provincial circumstances. Her imaginary world was dominated by kitschy novels that were all about love and lovers, in which ladies swooned in lonely pavilions, postillions delivered love letters, which was full of impulse prayers, heartbreak, sobs, tears and kisses, moonlight and nightingales chirping, the lamentation of dying swans, harp sounds over night-black lakes, falling autumn leaves, pure maidens and noble men, brave as lions and gentle as lambs with tear-stained cheeks. Charged with these inflated expectations, she was bound to be disappointed by her modest provincial life and by her well-behaved but insignificant husband, and to fail in the face of reality. Mme Bovary finally committed suicide after various attempts to escape from her unfulfilling existence (escapism). Other important examples are Hedda Gabler (Ibsen, 1890) and Edna Pontellier (The Awakening, Kate Chopin, 1899).
Social software is a buzzword for software that serves human communication and collaboration, e.g., in the context of social media. The buzzword "social software" emerged around 2002 in connection with new applications such as wikis and blogs, but it can also refer to older services. What these systems have in common is that they are used to build and maintain communities, usually via the Internet. In addition, they develop in a partially self-organized manner. A uniform definition does not exist; depending on the interpretation, social software is defined more narrowly or more broadly.
Mazeppa, Symphonic Poem No. 6 is a work for orchestra by Franz Liszt. It is based on a poem by Victor Hugo and incorporates musical material from Liszt's earlier, fourth Etude d'exécution transcendante. The work was composed in 1850 during Liszt's time as Weimar court kapellmeister and was premiered on April 16, 1854. The performance duration is approximately 16 minutes. The program describes the story of Ivan Masepa, known as Mazeppa for short. Because the former page was convicted of an affair with a magnate's wife, he is tied back to back on a horse racing across the steppe; as a result, he is said to die of emaciation and exhaustion. After a few days the horse dies, and Mazeppa also sees himself close to death when he has the vision of the victorious Cossack people. In fact, he is soon found by Cossacks who take him to Ukraine. Accordingly, the expressive and tone-painting musical arrangement is not characterized throughout by the wildness of the ride heard at the beginning, but also has a slow, contemplative and visionary middle section. Towards the end, a Cossack march is heard, introduced by fanfares, symbolizing the rescue by the army and the glorious end.
The Bento Rodrigues dam collapse occurred on November 5, 2015, in a district of the city of Mariana in the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil, when the dams of a settling basin broke. As a result, 16 people died. 32 million cubic meters of sludge then flowed down several rivers towards the Atlantic Ocean.
Baltmannsweiler is a municipality in the district of Esslingen in Baden-Württemberg.
(2063) Bacchus is an asteroid or planetoid from the group of Apollo asteroids. These are celestial bodies whose orbit can cross the Earth's orbit. The asteroid was discovered on April 24, 1977 by Charles Kowal and named after Bacchus, the Roman god of wine. Bacchus moves between 0.7013 AU (perihelion) and 1.4546 AU (aphelion) around the Sun in about 409 days. The orbital eccentricity is 0.3494, and the orbit is inclined at 9.4347° to the ecliptic. Radar observations conducted in 1996 revealed Bacchus to be an elongated object 1.1 × 2.6 km in extent. The asteroid rotates around its own axis in 14 hours and 54 minutes.
Ladejarl was a dynasty of princes of the Viking chieftains of Trondheim. Lade is located east of the mouth of the Nidelv River and is today a district of Trondheim. The powerful Jarle of Lade played an important role in the politics of Norway until 1030. Jarlen of Lade were: * Hákon Grjótgarðsson, the first Jarl of Lade. * Sigurðr Hákonarson, son of Håkon and murdered by Harald Graufell (Old Norse 'feldr' = 'coat'). * Hákon Sigurðarson, son of Sigurd. He conspired with Harald Blauzahn against Harald Graumantel and subsequently became ruler of Norway as Blauzahn's vassal. * Eiríkr Hákonarson, son of Håkon. He was, together with his brother Svein, governor of Norway under Sven Gabelbart of Denmark from 1000 to 1012. * Hákon Eiríksson, son of Eirik. Governor of Norway under Sven Gabelbart from 1012 to 1015. He was the last Ladejarl († 1030).
The King's Indian Attack (KIA) is an opening of chess, which is not defined by a certain sequence of moves, but by a characteristic white construction. White often plays: Sf3/g3/Lg2/0-0/d3/Sbd2/e4 (see diagram), whereby Sbd2 is not constitutive for the KIA. This opening is also called King's Indian in Attack or (with the initial moves Sf3/g3/Lg2) Barcza system, after the Hungarian chess master Gedeon Barcza.
In France, the classification as monument historique is a measure to protect as a monument a structure remarkable for its history or architecture. The recognition of public interest refers in particular to the past or art associated with the monument. The classification may also refer to movable objects, for example furniture or objects associated with a particular environment in which there is a historical interest, such as bells, chalices or door fittings.
Varicella zoster virus (VZV) - also spelled varicella zoster virus and referred to as human herpes virus-3 (HHV-3) - is a virus from the group of those eight herpes viruses that can cause disease in humans and other vertebrates. This DNA virus is the causative agent of chickenpox and shingles.
Tel Aviv-Jaffa (Hebrew תל אביב-יפו Tel Aviv-Jafo, Tel-Aviv meaning Spring Hill; Arabic تل أبيب يافا Tall Abīb Yāfā), often just Tel Aviv, is a major city in Israel. Founded in 1909, Tel Aviv was originally a suburb of the port city of Jaffa, which had existed since ancient times. In 1950, the two cities were united to form today's Tel Aviv-Jaffa.
Endangiitis obliterans or thrombangiitis obliterans is a segmental vascular inflammation (vasculitis) of small and medium-sized arteries and veins predominantly of the lower extremity. Internal organs are usually not affected. Synonyms are Winiwarter-Buerger disease, Winiwarter-Buerger syndrome, or Buerger syndrome, named after Felix von Winiwarter and Leo Buerger. Affected individuals are usually young men under 40 years of age with heavy nicotine use (75% of affected individuals). Rather rare in Western Europe with the exception of the Mediterranean region, strongest prevalence in India, Korea and Japan. Life expectancy is usually not reduced.
Kitt Peak National Observatory (Kitt Peak) is a large astronomical observatory located on the summit of 2095 m Kitt Peak in the Sonoran Desert, 65.4 km (as the crow flies) southwest of Tucson, Arizona. Kitt Peak was selected as the site for the U.S. National Observatory in 1958.Today, the observatory houses about 20 optical telescopes, the largest of which are the Mayall Telescope and the WIYN Telescope, with primary mirrors 4 m and 3.5 m in diameter, respectively. The Spacewatch project operates two reflecting telescopes of 1.8 m and 0.9 m diameter for observing asteroids and comets, in particular for finding near-Earth objects. For observing the Sun, Kitt Peak hosts the McMath-Pierce Solar Telescope, the largest solar telescope in the world, and the Kitt Peak Vacuum Telescope. Finally, Kitt Peak also hosts two radio telescopes, 12 m and 25 m in diameter. The latter is used in conjunction with other radio telescopes in the Very Long Baseline Array as a radio astronomical interferometer. * McMath-Pierce Solar Telescope * Interior view of the Solar Telescope * Building of the Mayall Telescope * Mayall Telescope * Building of the 2.4 m Hiltner Telescope * 12 m Radio Telescope * 2.3 m Bok Telescope * Stewart 0.9 m Telescope (1921), right: 2.1 m Telescope
Tiktaalik (Inuktitut for "burbot," a large freshwater and brackish water fish) was a genus of amphibian-like flesh fins (Sarcopterygii) whose fossils were discovered in Upper Devonian sedimentary rocks of Ellesmere Island (Ellesmere Island) in northern Canada. So far only the species Tiktaalik roseae is known. As a mosaic form, Tiktaalik is evidence of the sequence in which bony fishes evolved characteristics of terrestrial vertebrates (tetrapods), even before the first primitive amphibians such as Acanthostega and Ichthyostega evolved from them. As ancestors of Tiktaalik Neil Shubin et al. (2006) identify Panderichthys-like fishes.
Zodiac - The Trail of the Killer is a 2007 American crime film by director David Fincher. The thriller depicts the deeds of the serial killer Zodiac, who murdered several people in San Francisco in the late 1960s, as well as the official and private investigations. The film is based on the books Zodiac and Zodiac Unmasked by Robert Graysmith, a cartoonist for the San Francisco Chronicle newspaper, who received several letters from the Zodiac killer.
L'Aldea is a Catalan municipality in the province of Tarragona in northeastern Spain. It is located in the comarca of Baix Ebre.
The Pirate Party Germany (abbreviation Piraten, proper spelling PIRATEN) is a German small party founded on September 10, 2006 in Berlin. Following the Swedish Piratpartiet, it sees itself as a party of the information society, is part of the international movement of pirate parties, and is a member of Pirate Parties International. It is represented in 4 of 16 German state parliaments as well as in the European Parliament. The party sees itself as part of an international movement to help shape the transformation to the information society, which it describes with the term "digital revolution". Even though network policy forms the core of the party's identity, it is now programmatically more than just a party representing the interests of digital natives and characterizes itself as socially liberal and progressive.
Ortonovo (in Ligurian: Ortunövu) is a comune with 8277 inhabitants (as of 31 December 2015) in the Italian region Liguria. Politically it belongs to the province of La Spezia.
April 17 is the 107th day of the Gregorian calendar (the 108th in leap years), leaving 258 days until the end of the year.
Zhumadian (Chinese 驻马店市, pinyin Zhùmǎdiàn Shì) is a district-free city in Henan province of the People's Republic of China. Zhumadian has an area of 14,974 km² and a population of about 8.26 million (end 2003). Several counties in the city were affected by the catastrophic Banqiao flood in 1975, causing tens of thousands of deaths.
A is a British rock band.
Kakheti (Georgian კახეთი, Kakheti; full კახეთის მხარე, Kachetis Mchare) is an administrative region in eastern Georgia and the name of a historical state in that area on the southern slopes of the Great Caucasus.
Damned Are They All is a 1958 U.S. feature film based on the novel The Uprooted (original: Some Came Running) by James Jones.
Nuts (original title: Bottle Rocket) is a 1996 American comedy film directed by Wes Anderson and starring Owen and Luke Wilson and Robert Musgrave.
The Old Rifle (also known in German-speaking countries by the alternative title Farewell in the Night) is a 1975 French-German feature film directed by Robert Enrico and starring Philippe Noiret and Romy Schneider based on the 1944 Oradour massacre.
The Castle in the Sky (jap. 天空の城ラピュタ, Tenkū no Shiro Rapyuta) is an anime directed by Hayao Miyazaki that premiered in Japan in 1986. It was the first film of Studio Ghibli.
Canale is a town of 5686 inhabitants (as of December 31, 2015) in the Italian province of Cuneo (CN), Piedmont region. Canale is the largest market town in Roero and boasts as the capital of the Piedmont peach. The town has a beautiful castle. Canale is composed of the districts of Madonna Dei Cavalli, San Defendente-Valpone and Madonna di Loreto. The neighboring municipalities are: Castellinaldo, Cisterna d'Asti (AT), Montà, Monteu Roero, Priocca, San Damiano d'Asti (AT), Santo Stefano Roero and Vezza d'Alba.
The Río Magdalena (Magdalena River, Magdalena) is a river with a length of 1538 km in the west of Colombia in South America.Its catchment area is 263,858 km² and is thus about as large as that of the Rhine.
Castelfranco di Sopra is a hamlet of the municipality of Castelfranco Piandiscò in the province of Arezzo. Castelfranco di Sopra has a medieval center that is one of I borghi più belli d'Italia (The most beautiful places in Italy).
The Bonner Durchmusterung (BD) is a star catalog (or derived from it an atlas with 36 sheets) based on visual star measurements of the northern starry sky. The survey was made by Friedrich Wilhelm August Argelander at the Bonn Observatory of the University of Bonn. It was carried out between 1852 and 1862 with the support of Adalbert Krüger and Eduard Schönfeld.
Apollo 17 was the eleventh manned flight of the Apollo program and the last manned space flight to the Moon to date.
Luena (also Lwena) is a town in eastern Angola. At the time of Portuguese colonial rule until 1975, the town was called Vila Luso or Luso for short. It is the capital of the Moxico province and the seat of the Luena diocese.
Ohio Wesleyan University (also Wesleyan or OWU) is a U.S. university in Delaware, Ohio, founded in 1842. It is affiliated with the United Methodist Church. The campus, which covers approximately 81 acres of generously landscaped land, features an abundance of neo-Gothic style buildings, many of which are over 200 years old. Some newer buildings have been constructed in the style of modern architecture, and a variety of sculptures are located on campus. The majority of students live on campus. In higher semesters, students also have the option of finding their own housing. However, since rents at Ohio Wesleyan are very high, many refrain from doing so. Ohio Wesleyan University follows an admissions policy that ignores applicants' ability to pay. Any differences from the very high tuition rates are paid by the university in the form of scholarships from its own endowment. Despite this admissions policy, which allows children from lower income backgrounds to study at the prestigious university, a large portion of the student body is made up of children from wealthy families. The university's mascot is the Battling Bishop, and the school colors are crimson and black.
Blair Brown (born April 23, 1946 in Washington, D.C.) is an American actress.
The capybara or capybara (Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris) is a species of mammal in the guinea pig family (Caviidae). It forms the genus Hydrochoerus together with the Panama capybara (Hydrochoerus isthmius) and is the largest rodent living today. It inhabits humid regions in South America and is ideally adapted by physique to its semiaquatic (partially aquatic) lifestyle.
Austrheim is an island municipality in the Norwegian province (Fylke) of Hordaland. To the west lies the North Sea and the municipality of Fedje, to the north lies the municipality of Gulen, to the east Lindås, and to the south Radøy.
Haworthia is a genus of plant in the asphodel family (Asphodeloideae). The botanical name of the genus honors the botanist and zoologist Adrian Hardy Haworth. Most species are native to South Africa.
Daneborg ("Dänenburg") is a small military base on the east coast of Greenland on the Wollaston Forland peninsula on the north coast of Young Sound opposite Clavering Ø Island. It is permanently manned by twelve personnel and has been the site of the Sirius Sledge Patrol since 1951, which also provides oversight in the Northeast Greenland National Park. At the Daneborg site, the Zackenberg Research Station, 21 kilometers to the north-northwest and also located on Young Sound, operates a marine research laboratory.
Massimo Crippa (born 17 May 1965 in Seregno) is a former Italian footballer. Among other things, the midfielder played 17 matches for the Italian national soccer team, scoring one goal.
Angelica is a genus of plants within the umbellifer family (Apiaceae). The approximately 100 species are mainly distributed in the temperate regions of the northern hemisphere.
Stadtbahn Bielefeld is a local public transport system in Bielefeld. It is operated by moBiel GmbH, a subsidiary of Stadtwerke Bielefeld. The light rail system developed from the Bielefeld tramway, which had existed since 1900, by building a city center tunnel between 1978 and 1991 and equipping the outer lines to a large extent with independent or special rail bodies. A vehicle type acquired for light rail operation, the Stadtbahnwagen M, replaced the Düwag articulated cars. Since a new line was built in the direction of the university in 2000, four lines have been in operation. In 2011, the vehicle fleet was supplemented by new GTZ8-B light rail vehicles.
White Hunter Black Heart is a 1990 American adventure film directed by Clint Eastwood, with a screenplay by Peter Viertel, James Bridges and Burt Kennedy based on Viertel's novel of the same name.
Human astroviruses were first described in humans in 1975 using electron microscopic identification in stool samples from a diarrheal outbreak. Several different virus species have since been identified as human astroviruses. Additional very similar viruses have also been isolated from several other mammalian species, classified as the genus Mamastrovirus. Astrovirus-like pathogens found in birds, such as ducks, chickens, and turkeys, are classified as the genus Avastrovirus. Astroviruses are non-enveloped icosahedral viruses with a diameter of 28 to 35 nm and an eponymous characteristic star-shaped surface structure that is visible under an electron microscope. Astroviridae, like Caliciviridae and Picornaviridae, are non-enveloped, single-stranded RNA viruses with positive polarity. Human astroviruses have been described as causative agents of gastroenteritis in children worldwide.
Lake Melville is connected to the Atlantic Ocean via the Hamilton Inlet, of which it is considered a part. It covers an area of 3069 km² and is subject to the tides. It is called Atatshuinapek by the Innu people who still live here today. Together with Hamilton Inlet, it extends 140 km inland to the town of Happy Valley-Goose Bay, making it the largest inlet in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. Its largest tributaries are the Churchill River and the Naskaupi River. Lake Melville and Hamilton Inlet are enclosed by mountain ranges. The major settlements are Happy Valley-Goose Bay, Northwest River, and Sheshatshiu. A ferry service connects Happy Valley-Goose Bay, Cartwright, and Rigolet on Hamilton Inlet. Lake Melville was named after the British politician Viscount Melville (1742-1811).
Waterford United Football Club is an Irish soccer club from the city of Waterford, founded in 1930, which plays in the First Division.
Villa Poma is a northern Italian comune (municipality) with 2023 inhabitants (as of December 31, 2015) in the province of Mantua in Lombardy. The municipality lies about 27 kilometers southeast of Mantua. Until 1868 the place was called Mulo.
Michael Mahon Hastings (* January 28, 1980 in Malone, New York, USA; † June 18, 2013 in Los Angeles, California) was an American investigative journalist and writer. He was associate editor of Rolling Stone and a correspondent for BuzzFeed. His 2010 article on General, former JSOC commander and U.S. Supreme Allied Commander in Afghanistan, Stanley McChrystal, led to his immediate dismissal by U.S. President Barack Obama. Hastings was most recently working on a story about CIA Director John O. Brennan, according to his widow Elise Jordan, and he fell victim to a car accident in 2013, according to the official police report. However, cameras recorded three explosions, and the engine block was a considerable distance away. There were various other clues, indications and also witness statements, among others from WikiLeaks, Richard Clarke and "Buzz Feed" editor-in-chief Ben Smith, which altogether make a murder seem more likely.
Prince William Alexander Charles Henry Frederick of Orange-Nassau (Dutch Prins Willem Alexander Karel Hendrik Frederik van Oranje-Nassau; * August 25, 1851 in The Hague; † June 21, 1884 ibid) was the fourth Crown Prince of the Netherlands and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg from June 11, 1879 until his death.
The Atlas, once developed as an intercontinental ballistic missile, is a launch vehicle that was used primarily in the 1960s for the Mercury and Gemini programs. Further developments of the Atlas rocket are still in use today as launch vehicles for satellites and space probes.
The Monte Rosa Hut is a mountain hut of the Swiss Alpine Club in the Monte Rosa Massif of the Valais Alps.
Black and White America is the ninth studio album by Lenny Kravitz.
Inírida (previously: Puerto Inírida) is the capital and only municipality of the Colombian department of Guainía. The municipality has 19,983 inhabitants, of which 12,829 live in the city itself (as of 2016). Inírida is thus the largest settlement in the department. The city was founded in 1963 and has had municipal law since 1974. Inírida is located in the stream basin of the upper Orinoco River in the Amazon Basin. Inírida serves as a transshipment point for regional products and raw materials. In addition to meat products, tropical woods, which are obtained through overexploitation, are produced in particular. More recently, gold discoveries in the upper Orinoco have been on the rise and are becoming increasingly important for the local infrastructure. Inírida is not connected to the Colombian road network. It can only be reached by water from Colombia, Venezuela and Brazil, or by air from Bogotá and Villavicencio.
The perspective of meaning is a semantically guided principle of representation in the painting of antiquity and the Middle Ages. In the pictorial works of ancient Egypt, higher-ranking persons and gods are depicted larger than subordinates. The central perspective, which was already used to some extent in antiquity, fell into oblivion again in the Middle Ages and made way for the perspective of meaning. Spatiality was lost and did not return until the Renaissance. Instead, in Gothic painting, figures and pictorial personnel were depicted according to their significance in the picture. Saints, for example, were shown large in the center of a painting, while the donors of the work were depicted smaller next to them, without any consideration of spatial references or proportions (so-called donor paintings). Since other media of the visual arts have lost their claim to naturalistic or even documentary reproduction obligations, there are again more examples of the use of perspectives of meaning in the figurative representations of classical modernism as well as in contemporary art. Images in perspective of meaning can also be found in Naive Art and in children's drawings. In cartography, a map with a magnified emphasis on certain features of content is called a map anamorphote.
A classification society is a company that acts as a surveyor in the shipbuilding industry.
Kitzbühel [ˈkɪtsbyːl] is a municipality with 8331 inhabitants (as of January 1, 2016) in northeastern Tyrol, Austria. Kitzbühel is located about 95 km east of the provincial capital Innsbruck on the Kitzbüheler Ache river in the middle of the Kitzbühel Alps and is the district capital of the district of the same name. The municipality is located in the judicial district of Kitzbühel. The sophisticated city is internationally known as one of the most important winter sports resorts in Austria.
Tōei K.K. (jap. 東映株式会社, Tōei Kabushiki kaisha, engl. Toei Company, Ltd.) is a Nikkei 500-listed Japanese film and television production company that is also engaged in film distribution. The name Tōei is derived from Tōkyō Eiga Haikyū (東京映画配給, "Tokyo Film Distribution"), the former name of the company. Tokyo-based Tōei operates 34 cinemas and two film studios in Tokyo and Kyōto in Japan and is a shareholder in several television channels. Outside Japan, the company is best known for the anime produced by Tōei Animation, as well as the tokusatsu series Kamen Rider and Super Sentai, the latter of which the U.S. production Power Rangers is based on.
Carl Celian Icahn (born February 16, 1936 in Far Rockaway, Queens, New York City) is an American multi-billionaire and major investor.
The Reuven Ramaty High Energy Solar Spectroscopic Imager (RHESSI) (also Explorer 81) is a NASA space telescope with participation of other American and Swiss institutes and is used for solar observation in the X-ray and gamma-ray range. In this high-energy electromagnetic radiation, solar corona and solar flares are observed and the physical mechanisms of particle acceleration in these events (the reconnection) are studied.
The breve (Latin brevis (-e) "short"), also called brevis or brevity sign, is a diacritical mark to indicate a special pronunciation or emphasis of a letter. It is an upward open arch (a wide u) above the letter. Unlike the similar-looking hatschek, it is round, not pointed.
Electroluminescence (EL), also known as the Destriau effect, is a form of luminescence in which a solid is excited to emit electromagnetic radiation, e.g. in the form of light, by the application of an electric field or voltage.
Sarasvati (Sanskrit, f., सरस्वती, Sarasvatī, "the flowing one"), is an Indian goddess of wisdom and learning and one of the most popular Hindu goddesses. In Tantra, she enjoys veneration as the blue or dark Sarasvati. She is said to have evolved from the Vedic language goddess Vac. Sarasvati is considered the female power (Shakti) of the god Brahma; Hindu mythology portrays her as his daughter, creation, and consort. She seems to be subordinate to him; in religious practice, however, worship is mainly directed to her, while the worship of Brahma has largely disappeared. As Vac ("Word," "Logos"), another name, she embodies the Word personified, the perfect speech. Other epithets are Mahavidya ("the great wisdom"), Brahmani ("wife of Brahma"), and Jagaddhatri ("mistress of the world"). The goddess Gayatri is also often identified with her. Sarasvati is the goddess of learning, language, sciences, arts, poetry, literature, writing, wisdom, dance, song and music. She is considered the "Mother of the Vedas", inventor of the Sanskrit alphabet and the Devanagari script. She is especially revered by school children, students, philosophers and intellectuals. In an important book of the devotees of the goddess, the Devi Mahatmyam, she forms an eight-armed Maha Sarasvati (great Sarasvati) together with Maha Kali as well as Maha Lakshmi.
Martin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The administrative seat (county seat) is Inez, which was named after the daughter of a postmaster in a neighboring town. The county is one of the Dry Counties, which means that the sale of alcohol is restricted or prohibited.
God Is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything is a book of criticism of religion by author and journalist Christopher Hitchens, published in the United States in 2007. As the claim in the subtitle says, Hitchens' central thesis is that all forms of practiced religion and their effects poison every area of human life - whether in politics or in private life.
João da Nova [ˈʒu̯ɐ̃u̯ dɐˈnɔvɐ] (* c. 1460 in Castillo de Maceda, Galicia; † 1509 in Cochin) was a Galician navigator and explorer in Portuguese service. Da Nova was descended from the noble Novoa de Maceda family, which was wealthy in the Galician region around Ourense. Like many Galician noblemen, he entered Portuguese service and is considered the discoverer of the islands of Ascención and St. Helena. Because of his origin, he was also known as João Galhego or Gallego. In Spanish sources he is also recorded as Juan de Nova. The Galicians call their compatriot Xoán de Novoa. Already known as João da Nova around 1480, he acquired a number of merits in Portuguese politics and was appointed, among other things, royal city lord or governor (alcaide) of Lisbon. On March 5, 1501, under his command, even before the return of Pedro Álvares Cabral's fleet, the third Portuguese royal expedition with four Naus left for India. Two (some sources assume three) Naus were financed by the Crown, the other two ships by a consortium of private capital led by the Florentine merchant Bartolomeo Marchione. In addition to da Nova as commander in chief, Francisco de Nabay, Fernão Vicente and Diogo Barboza commanded
Roubanina (German Raubanin) is a village in the Czech Republic. It is located eight kilometers north of Letovice and belongs to Okres Blansko.
The West Coast or Pacific Coast of the United States usually refers to the three western states of Washington, Oregon and California, which lie on the Pacific coast. Nevada and Arizona are sometimes included in the West Coast states because of their cultural similarities, but they are not geographically included because they are not on the Pacific Ocean. Sometimes the term West Coast is used more specifically to refer only to the areas west of the Cascade Range, Sierra Nevada, and Mojave Desert. The states of Alaska and Hawaii are considered special cases and are not included in the West Coast.
Němčice (German Nemtschitz) is a village in the Czech Republic. It lies five kilometers northeast of Kdyně and belongs to the Okres Domažlice.
Merced County ([mərˈsɛd]) is a county in the central U.S. state of California. The administrative seat (county seat) is Merced.
Victor William Guillemin (born 1937 in Boston) is an American mathematician working on symplectic geometry, differential topology, differential equations, and mathematical physics. Guillemin received his PhD from Harvard University in 1962 (Theory of finite -Structures) under Shlomo Sternberg. He was then a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). In 1983 he was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and in 1985 to the National Academy of Sciences. In 2003, he received the Leroy P. Steele Prize for lifetime achievement. Guillemin is considered a leading scientist in symplectic geometry and differential topology. His doctoral students include Martin Golubitsky and Alan Pollack. With Pollack he wrote a textbook of differential topology that is much used in the United States. In 1970 he was Invited Speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Nice (On subelliptic estimates for complexes). He is a Fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Canon (plural: canons, canones; Greek for "standard, guideline, rule"; adjective: canonic) refers to a polyphonic composition in which one voice enters after the other, with the first voice - as a guide, so to speak - being copied exactly by the other voices. Usually in the prime or octave, all voices follow the same melody at the same pitch, only offset in time from each other. However, there are also canon compositions in which the other voices follow at intervals of thirds, fourths or fifths.
Higashikagawa (jap. 東かがわ市, -shi, literally: East Kagawa) is a city in Kagawa Prefecture in Japan.
SunTrust Plaza (previously One Peachtree Center) is a 265-meter, 60-story skyscraper in Atlanta. The building was completed in 1992 and is currently the second tallest building in Atlanta, after Bank of America Plaza. It was designed by architect John Portman. Architecturally, the building is most notable for its roof, which has been stepped at various levels. In the upper level, which is stepped in rectangles, the previous stone and glass façade transitions to full glass cladding. The first floor plan has a rectangular shape. On March 14, 2008, the building was slightly damaged by a tornado, windows were torn out and an entrance was damaged.
A barcamp (often also BarCamp, unconference, ad hoc non-conference) is an open conference with open workshops, whose content and schedule are developed by the participants themselves at the beginning of the conference and designed in the further course. Barcamps serve the exchange of content and discussion, but can sometimes also show concrete results at the end of the event (e.g., in joint programming workshops). Since the first barcamp in Palo Alto (California) in August 2005 at the premises of the company Socialtext, barcamps have been held in North America, Asia and Europe. The first barcamps in German-speaking countries took place in Berlin, Vienna and Zurich at the end of September 2006.
West Branch is a small town (with city status) in Cedar County and to a small extent in Johnson County in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of 2010, West Branch had a population of 2322.
The epigraph (Gr. ἐπιγραφή epigraphe "inscription", "inscription") is an obsolete term for an ancient inscription. The auxiliary historical science dealing with such inscriptions is called epigraphy. Figuratively, epigraph is used for a quotation or other phrase that precedes a literary work or its sections as a lead-in to the following theme or circumlocution of the theme. See also: * motto (literature) * epigram * pseudepigraph.
In thermodynamics, a phase transition or phase transformation is the conversion of one or more phases of a substance into other phases. Phase diagrams provide a graphical representation of the stability ranges of phases as a function of state variables such as pressure, temperature, chemical composition and magnetic field strength. In these diagrams, the stability regions are bounded by phase boundary lines where the phase transitions occur.
The aqueduct of Segovia, in central Spain, dates back to the heyday of the Roman Empire and for centuries carried fresh spring water to the city from the mountains of the Sierra de Fuenfría, some 17 kilometers away.
The district of Vulkaneifel (until December 31, 2006, the district of Daun) is a territorial entity in the northwest of Rhineland-Palatinate. It is located in the Eifel region and is the smallest county in Rhineland-Palatinate in terms of population, as well as the fourth smallest in the Federal Republic of Germany. The seat of the district administration and at the same time the most populous town is Daun.
Jacopo Robusti, gen. Jacopo Tintoretto (b. September 29, 1518 in Venice; † May 31, 1594 there), was an Italian painter. His name Il Tintoretto ("the little dyer") is derived from his father's craft. His father, as has only recently been discovered, was probably named Giovan Batista Comin, and was given the honorary name Robusti because of his heroic defense of a Padua city gate in 1509. Jacopo Tintoretto, in turn, was the father of the painter Marietta Robusti, called "La Tintoretta", and the painters Domenico Tintoretto and Marco Tintoretto. After Marietta, Domenico and Marco Robusti died, their sister Ottavia inherited the workshop as the main heir and, on the instructions of her brothers, married the German-born painter Sebastian Casser, who had trained at the Tintoretto workshop.
The Broken Lance is a 1954 U.S. Western directed by Edward Dmytryk. The film, whose screenplay is based on a story by Philip Yordan, is a remake of the 1949 drama Blood Enmity (House of Strangers) by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, for which Yordan wrote the screenplay based on the novel I'll Never Go Ther Any More by Jerome Weidman. The Western premiered in New York on July 29, 1954, and then had a general theatrical release in the U.S. on September 25, 1954. In Germany, the film was released in theaters on February 15, 1955. It was also released under the alternative title Arizona.
Finland's Olympic history began in 1906 with the private participation of four Finnish athletes in the unofficial 1906 Olympic Intermediate Games in Athens. In 1907, Baron Reinhold Felix von Willebrand of Finland was elected to the International Olympic Committee (IOC), and shortly thereafter Finland established its National Olympic Committee, Suomen Olympiakomitea, and officially participated in the 1908 Summer Olympics in London for the first time. Until the 1912 Summer Games, Finland was still part of the Russian Empire as an Autonomous Grand Duchy; however, the results were separated from those of Russia. It was not until 1920 that Finland participated as an independent country and since then has always been present at all Summer Olympics and the Winter Games held from 1924 onwards.
The 5th Chess Olympiad was held in Folkestone (England) from June 12 to 23, 1933. The Women's World Chess Championship 1933 was also held in the same framework.
Flashpoint is a live album by the Rolling Stones from 1991.
The Victoria Memorial is a 26-meter-high figural group in London made of Lasa marble and erected in honor of Queen Victoria of Great Britain; it stands at the southwest end of The Mall boulevard directly in front of Buckingham Palace.
The Hardangerfjord (Norwegian Hardangerfjorden) is a fjord about 170 kilometers long on the southwestern Atlantic coast of Norway in the Fylke Hordaland. It is thus one of the longest and deepest fjords on the Norwegian coast. Some larger islands like Stord, Bømlo and Tysnesøy are offshore the fjord. The fjord runs roughly from southwest to northeast. There is one larger island in the fjord, Varaldsøy. The deepest point is 725 meters deep and is located at about the point where the Hardangerfjord divides into the smaller fjords Eidfjord and Sørfjord. The region around the Hardangerfjord is also known as Hardanger. Municipalities along the Hardangerfjord are Eidfjord, Granvin, Jondal, Kvam, Kvinnherad, Odda, Ullensvang and Ulvik.
Thermal energy (also heat energy, but not to be confused with heat) is the energy stored in the disordered motion of the atoms or molecules of a substance. It is an extensive quantity and is part of the internal energy. Thermal energy is measured in the SI system of units in joules (unit symbol: J). A radiation field also has thermal energy if its energy is distributed disorderly among the various possible waveforms. An input of heat increases the thermal energy, a removal of heat decreases it. Thermal energy is thus kinetic and potential energy, but with the characteristic of disordered distribution among the motions of many bodies. In solids this corresponds to lattice vibrations or phonons, in liquids to vibrations, rotations and restricted motions of molecules, and in gases to vibrations, rotations and free motions. These motions also exist for adsorbates on surfaces, where we speak of 2D gases and 2D liquids. Scanning tunneling microscopy can be used to visualize these motions on a molecular scale on surfaces, where it becomes clear that, for example, the fraction of rotating particles increases with temperature. If the kinetic energy of all molecules of a substance is zero (more precisely: at the quantum-physically possible minimum), its temperature is at absolute zero. The Kelvin temperature scale uses this as a reference point.
José Ely de Miranda, better known by his nickname Zito, (* August 8, 1932 in Roseira, São Paulo; † June 14, 2015 in Santos, São Paulo) was a Brazilian soccer player and manager of Santos FC. He was world champion with the Brazilian national team in 1958 and 1962. In addition, the defensive midfielder was captain of the Santos team that dominated stadiums around the world in the early 1960s.
Sherman County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. With a population of 1934, Sherman County is the third smallest of all 36 Oregon counties by population. The county seat is located in Moro.
Mamiko Noto (jap. 能登 麻美子, Noto Mamiko; born February 6, 1980 in Kanazawa) is a Japanese voice actress (Seiyū). She works for the Ōsawa Jimusho agency.
Emilia-Romagna is a region in northern Italy with 4,448,146 inhabitants (as of December 31, 2015).
Yeshiva University (also known as YU) is a private Jewish university located in New York City, New York State. The university was founded in 1886. It currently has an enrollment of 5,994 students. In 2011, it ranked 68th among universities in the world according to Times Higher Education Rankings. Former leaders of the university include "The Rav" Joseph Ber Soloveitchik.
SK Telecom is a South Korean company headquartered in Seoul. The company is among the top ten in the KOSPI share index. The company is a subsidiary of SK Group. The largest shareholder is SK Corp. (25,22 %). (As of 2015) SK Telecom was founded in 1984 and is a telecommunications provider in South Korea. The company had a 46.2% share in this sector in 2014. In the combined mobile services sector, the company leads with a market share of 51.1%, ahead of competitors KT and LG Uplus. Competitors are mainly concerned that the market leader would dominate the market even more by acquiring CJ HelloVision.... Ha Sung-min (하성민) has been CEO of the company since December 2010. Choi Jin-sung, CTO of the company, was elected chairman of the Telecom Infra Project (TIP) in 2016. The TIP is an international collaborative project of companies working on 5th generation (5G) network technology. The company is keen to demonstrate the technology to the world public at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang. SK Telecom is one of the early supporters of the FIDO Alliance, which has been developing the Universal Second Factor (U2F) industry standard for universally applicable two-factor authentication since 2013. SK Telecom owns an e-sports team called SK Telecom T1,
Monkeypox is a viral disease of monkeys, but the reservoir of the pathogen is probably squirrels and rodents. They are transmissible to humans (zoonosis) and cause a mild smallpox-like disease, which can also be fatal. In Germany, monkeypox is subject to compulsory notification under the Animal Health Act (TierGesG).
The Phoenicians (also: The Phoenicians, The Phoinisses, The Phoenicians, Greek Φοίνισσαι) is an ancient tragedy by the Greek poet Euripides. Its dating is disputed, but is now placed around 409/408 BC. The tragedy was probably part of a tetralogy, without any certainty about the names of the other plays. Whereas it was formerly put together with the Chrysippos, the Oinomaos and an unknown satyr play, today it is more likely that it belongs together with the Antiope, the Hypsipyle and another play, possibly the Orestes. The surviving text has numerous interpolations, which considerably impairs the reconstruction of the original and led so far that one refused to ask whether the tragedy was Euripidean or suspected a post-Euripidean creation. The material derives from the myth of the Labdakids and is set in mythical prehistory in the Boeotian city-state of Thebes. With The Phoenician Women, Euripides took up the theme of Aeschylus' Seven Against Thebes in his own interpretation and at the same time treated the prehistory of Antigone by the Greek tragedian Sophocles in a new way.
The Killing Fields is the only film soundtrack to date (to the film The Killing Fields) by British musician Mike Oldfield from 1984, the year in which his studio album Discovery was also released.
Tokio Hotel is a German band from the Magdeburg area. With four number one singles each in Germany and Austria to date and over seven million records sold (as of 2014), they are one of the most commercially successful bands in the German-speaking world in recent years. The record company Universal Music has been marketing the band in large parts of Europe since 2007, and in North and South America since 2008. In early October 2009, the third studio album Humanoid was the first album by the band to be released worldwide at the same time.
Secaucus is a town in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. The 2000 census recorded a population of 15,931.
Eleionomai (Greek Ἐλειονόμαι) are literally "swamp dwellers" (from ἕλειος "swampy" and νομός "dwelling place", "stretch of land"). In the "Argonautika" of Apollonios of Rhodes, swamp-dwelling nymphs are mentioned in passing in two places. They are also mentioned in a scholion to the Iliad. This was the basis for modern mythographers to place Eleionomai as nymphs of the swamps and marshes on an equal footing with the Naiads, Nereids and Okeanids, which is wrong insofar as, for example, the term Naiad is specific for nymphs, while Eleionomai designates swamp dwellers in general, i.e. also human inhabitants of a swampy area. Eleionomae was given as the Latinized form.
The Republic of the Seven United Provinces, also known as the United Netherlands or the Republic of the United Netherlands (Dutch Republiek der Zeven Verenigde Provinciën or Verenigde Nederlanden) or as the States General, was an early modern polity in the territory of the northern Netherlands and a precursor of the present-day Dutch state. The Republic of the Seven United Provinces emerged in 1581 from the rebellion of the Habsburg Netherlands against Philip II of Spain and won its complete independence from the Spanish Habsburgs during the Eighty Years' War (with intermissions until 1648). The republic, actually a rather loose, if durable, alliance of more or less independent small states, existed as one of the few and best known republics of the early modern period until 1795, when the old republic was replaced by the new Batavian Republic in the course of the French Revolutionary Export.
Lithium hydride LiH is a salt-like chemical compound of lithium and hydrogen. Because it is very light and stable, it is an excellent hydrogen storage medium with a capacity of 2.8 m3 of hydrogen per kilogram. The hydrogen can be released by reaction with water.
The two Ashvins (Sanskrit अश्विन्, aśvin m. ; in dual: अश्विनौ aśvinau; to aśva "horse") or Nasatyas (नसत्यौ nāsatyau "(two) non-true ones") are two divine youthful twins in Vedic mythology. Their names are Dasra (दस्र) and Nasatya (नासत्य).
Mukesh D. Ambani (b. April 19, 1957 in Aden) is the CEO of the petrochemical company Reliance Industries, the richest person in Asia, and the 39th richest person in the world with an estimated fortune of $21 billion in 2015.
The MDNA tour was the ninth concert tour of the US musician Madonna. She promoted her twelfth studio album MDNA on it. The tour included concerts in Asia, Europe, North America and South America in 2012. The first time Madonna also performed in Colombia, Ukraine, Scotland and the United Arab Emirates. It was the second tour (before that "Sticky & Sweet Tour"), which ran under the contract with Live Nation. The tour became the most successful concert tour of 2012, earning $305 million.
Ignaz Urban (* January 7, 1848 in Warburg; † January 7, 1931 in Berlin; also Ignatz Urban, Ignatius Urban) was a German botanist and specialist in West Indian flora. His official botanical author code is "Urb.".
Perfugas (sard. Peifugas) is a village in the Italian province of Sassari in Sardinia. The village of 2385 inhabitants (as of December 31, 2015) is known nationally for the fountain sanctuaries Predio Canopoli and Fonte Niedda and the Museo Archeologico e Paleobotanico. Worth seeing is the parish church of Santa Maria degli Angeli with the Retablo di San Giorgio, a 14th century altarpiece composed of numerous paintings, which has been on display again since 1995 after a long restoration. Opposite the church is the Nuraghic well sanctuary Predio Canopoli, also restored. Well preserved is especially the staircase that leads down from the vestibule with sacrificial altar and the benches to the spring. The highlight of the exhibition of the local museum are the stone tools discovered in 1979 in the alluvium of the Riu Altana, with an age of 180,000 to 120,000 years. Previously, it had been assumed that Sardinia was settled only about 8,000 years ago. Relics of the Ozieri culture, Nuraghic, Phoenician, Punic and medieval finds are also exhibited. Furthermore, there are fossils from the "petrified forest" (foresta petrificada) at Martis and from other sites in the Anglona, dating back 30-15 million years. Two kilometers to the north is the small Catalan country church of San Giorgio and the nuraghe Sas Ladai. Perfugas has a train station on the narrow-gauge Sassari-Palau railroad line, the
Chevry is a commune in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in north-central France with 1396 inhabitants as of January 1, 2013. It administratively belongs to the canton of Thoiry in the arrondissement of Gex and is a member of the communal federation Pays de Gex.
Loge (auch Saturn XLVI) ist einer der kleineren äußeren Monde des Planeten Saturn.
